INTERNET is used only to get Google AdMob ads
WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE is used to copy, move, delete, zip, unzip, unrar
GET TASKS is used to see processes on your device
RESTART PACKAGES is used to allow user of AndroZip to kill background processes
'Amazing Android Apps for Dummies'
'Best Android Apps' B.
Intuitive custom made interface.
Relay, LED control for some models.
Sequence mode for automatic cameras switching.
Easy to use pinch to zoom for digital zooming and swipes for camera selection.
Support for any USB
Very CPU efficient.
The only app in the market which supports both in
LAN scanner for automatic cams detection.
Audio monitoring from multiple cameras at once.
Multiple background audio.
One Finger Tap
Two Finger Pinch
Save Current Pose
Load Last Saved Pose
Reset Figure to T
Hide Menu Bar
Muscle Maps Mode
Gesture System mode
Life Drawing Mode
HDR images fused and tone mapped on device within seconds
Hand shake compensation, no need to be rock
Correct handling of moving objects, de
You can control tone
Save original exposure bracketed images
Shutter sound can be muted
Support for Flash on
Your content, everywhere.
Discover insightful content from Pulse
Customize feeds based on your interests to get fresh, personalized content delivered daily.
Share with your favorite networks such as LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Flickr, and Tumblr
Sync your sources.
Global Community of Women
Custom Discreet Notifications
Stunning Themes, Widgets and Graphics
Backup and Restore your data to keep it safe
Connect, support and exchange health and lifestyle related ideas with women around the world.
Join the LARGEST TRYING TO CONCEIVE MOBILE COMMUNITY IN THE WORLD
Post and reply to messages about Fashion, Beauty, Health, Pregnancy, and more.
Notebook Planner design with audio
BEAUTIFUL WIDGETS for each theme
Predicts period to help plan day
Notes section to keep a health journal
Monitor and track moods, symptoms, weight, temperature and other menstrual related progress
Charts to see visual progress
Customizable symptoms so you can track what is most pertinent to you
Predicts fertile and ovulation day
Cervical observations and symptoms tracking
Chart basal body temperature to determine ovulation day
Smart luteal phase averaging based on ovulation kit results
Over a DOZEN environments to explore
Find and summon the Exclusive Android Pet
Google Play Game Services leaderboards
View single picture in full size on both public and private side.
Slideshows on both public and private side
Share picture on both public and private side
Organize private pictures into different folders.
Create your own private folders.
If you lost pictures after upgrade, remember to run rescue missing private picture tool
Contact us if you have any questions.
Full screen notification for incoming calls
Full screen notification for outgoing calls
Full screen notification for missed calls
Full screen notification for incoming SMS
Assign picture to groups of contacts
All buttons and texts are customizable
Use pictures from sd card, internal camera, online gallery or facebook
Customize caller design
Answer by buttons
Answer by sliding the screen.
Backup and restore all settings and pictures.
Video caller Id
Block annoying contacts
no support for double call
no support for answering when bluetooth headset is plugged on ICS devices
no dialpad inside FSCI
Merge multiple videos into one file
Delete middle parts from a video
Split your video files into two separate video clips
Grab video frames
Add text to your videos
Convert your video files to MP
Set video frames as wallpaper
Share your video clips and grabbed video images.
Play video clips
Sort your videos by their name, size, duration and date
Trim your videos and produce clips.
Merge multiple videos into one file
Delete middle parts of a video
Split your video files into two separate video clips
Grab video frames
Add text to your videos
Convert your video files to audio formats
Convert your video to other video formats
Set video frames as wallpaper
Share your video clips and grabbed video images.
Play video clips
Sort your videos by their name, size, duration and date
No need to start from scratch
Compete in a fabulous beauty contest against other Star Girl users.
Become a trendsetter with over
Flirt and go on dates with famous celebrities
Awesome mini games that offer cool prizes
Work as a singer, actor and model and win prestigious awards
Add stylish friends, and visit them whenever you like
Show off your striking outfits on various social networking sites
Loads of high rewarding casino games
Online Worldwide Leaderboards to compete
High Paying 'Get Xtras' Bonus
Higher Payouts Mini Games On Reels
Unlocked PROGRESSIVE SUPER JACKPOT
Loads of high rewarding casino games
Online Worldwide Leaderboards to compete
Password protect for private content
Supports resumption of interrupted downloads
Download Files over
Folder and sub
Move, rename and delete files
Music playback of mp
Create you own playlist
Background Video Playback
Video playback of mp
Doesn't detect any notes
Sound animated learning of letters and numbers.
Learn to recognize animals and their sounds.
Distinguish shapes and colors and match the pieces.
Distinguish between colors and show your ability to move animated balls around the screen.
Practice your memory with fruits learning mode.
Match the pictures and play with wooden pieces.
Learn the sound of musical instruments and play their music.
Create your first musical melodies playing the xylophone.
Play puzzles with pictures of your environment.
Play with butterflies, fishes and other animals.
Discover amazing fun with soap bubbles and balloons.
Draw funny pictures with a lot of pencils and colors.
Listen and learn the funny sound of the most familiar vehicles.
Improve reflexes flying a toy plane.
Improve children's skills of memory, concentration and development of knowledge of their environment.
Help with the recognition of the letters in the alphabet.
The game is adapted to be handled easily.
It's specifically designed as an educational tool interface for preschoolers and up.
Learning of letters and numbers, sound animated with translation from English
Learn to recognize more than
Distinguish shapes and colors and match the pieces.
Distinguish between colors and show your ability to move animated balls around the screen.
Practice your memory with  Simon evolution  and  Match the cards
Play with fireworks and try to catch the ball.
Learn the sound of musical instruments and play their music.
Play puzzles with pictures of your environment.
Skilled puzzle with pictures of the most important places in the world.
Flash cards with letters of the alphabet illustrated with drawings in various languages.
Listen and learn the funny sound of the most familiar vehicles.
Improve children's skills in memory, concentration and development of knowledge of their environment.
Keep children entertained with fun sound effects and animal sounds, musical instruments and vehicles
The game is adapted to be handled easily.
Is specifically designed as an educational tool interface for preschoolers and up.
Make portrait photos bald, add funny mustaches
Import photos easily from your photo gallery, camera or from Facebook
Thousands of Free Funny Jokes in many categories
Send jokes via SMS, text message, Twitter or Facebook
Add your own funny comment on jokes
Easy to paint, move, zoom with your fingers
Splash a different coloring on your pictures with vivid colors
Two finger zoom
Many effects such as black
several cool image effects in the fx gallery
configure brush and opacity
add a caption
great to post process images from the camera or instagram, flickr, or
Browse many popular backgrounds categories with our fast browsing interface
See the current and all
Widget to quickly switch between your favorite wallpapers
Each Kart has its own handling and abilities
One of Esquire Magazine
More tower upgrades
Earn more points and get the High Score
Online ranking system
Four difficulty modes, from Casual to INSANE
Spot drainers based on detailed information about the root cause
Use the online Knowledge
measure the effect of actions to reduce drain
detect changes in the awake
Realistic control of the construction machines, optimally designed for mobile devices
Huge construction sites like wind generator, swimming pool, school building or town hall
For beginners and experts
Huge freely navigable world
Ladder of success
Highly variable order system guarantees never ending gaming fun
Post tracks to Facebook or Twitter
Continuous power efficient recording for up to
GPS auto pause detection stops the timer automatically during a standstill
Watch your bike automatically move on the map and zoom in on your trail
Receive your trips via email
Dozens of adorable fishes to raise including sharks
Fish come alive in your tank with awesome
Let your imagination run wild with hundreds of decorations, plants and backgrounds
Simple and easy
Beautiful and detailed graphics
Visit, clean, feed your friends fishes and level up to become 'top' neighbors
Tilt to Steer your Bike
Drive Close to Vehicles to Score
Embrace the High Speeds
The record audio permission is needed for Voice input
The internet access permission is needed for downloading additional dictionaries
Weather data provided by Weather Underground, includes
Visually stunning display of weather information using high definition animations
Fully customizable clock and weather widgets in multiple sizes.
Support for skins and iconsets from the popular Beautiful Widgets
Support for iconsets from the popular Fancy Widgets
More accurate conditions by switching to a nearby weather stations for any location
Dynamic Google Maps based animated radar and satellite maps
Automatically track your location via GPS
Temperature notification in notification bar
Automatically refresh weather on widgets at preset interval or when your phone is unlocked
Instant weather advisory notifications
Get more accurate conditions by switching to a nearby weather stations for any location
Add custom web cams and other media links
Completely customize BeWeather using fonts and colors
Contains dozens of images.
Contains hundreds of labeled muscles from all the main regions of the body.
Earn points for precision.
Bonus points for time.
Bonus points for five right answers in a row.
Switch language in the main menu.
Apps of the Day
Original sound and music
Challenge a friend via email
Post scores on Facebook or Twitter
Innovative flick control
Global online scoreboard
Real office sounds
Varying wind speed from fan impacts paper flight
Verbal abuse from angry co
Scan or Search to find the lowest prices guaranteed
Create and share lists of your favorite products with your favorite people
Discover awesome items from the Popular Products page and Featured Lists
Set price alerts and never miss a good deal again
Get comprehensive product descriptions and customer reviews
Trip distance may have
Note Wheel Display
Needle Damping option
Support for transposing instruments
Selectable tone waveform
Automatic or manual note selection
Accurate Prayer time calculator based on your current location
The Holy Quran
Halal restaurants and mosques locations around you
Animated Qibla compass to show you the direction to Mecca
Muslim calendar to estimate holy dates such as Eid
Islamic greeting cards
App and Quran fully translated to
Fast find and call places
Local weather and time
Fun chats, witty remarks, tells jokes
Text by Voice
Tweet or Update Facebook with Voice
Ask questions with voice
Challenge your friends to a multiplayer game with Scoreloop
Toss that paper through
Global high scores
Tic Tac Toe LIVE
Get this daily updated app and install for unique smartphone experience
Infinite layers and unique layer options
Five types of symmetry
Infinite undo and redo system
A relative menu system designed for speed painting
Import images from your gallery, camera, or the web
Special Effects include four types of blurring, inner or outer shadowing, and embossing
A fluid interface fully optimized for touchscreen devices
Path editing and a unique pen tool
Save as JPEG or PNG
Export images as large as
Export path data to SVG for editing in your favorite graphics editor
Export design to Infinite Painter
NVIDIA DirectStylus support
Curious about seeing Friend comments, wall updates and who said hi on your friends
Where are you
Check what your friends are up to easy and fast
No more colorless pictures
Create and remove link for apk, dex and lib files of the app.
Plus version also links private data files of the apps
Automatically link newly installed apps
Shows the apps that support moving to SD with native apps
Set the default install location of the apps
Notify when movable apps installed
Uninstall system applications
Freeze and un
Convert system apps into user apps
Convert user apps into system apps
Integrate  Updated  system apps into system
Clear data and cache of the application
Clear all apps cache at once
Exclusion list for  Clear all app cache  function
Clear cache widget
Notify if total cache size exceeds specified size
List applications, show detailed size information and link status
Wide variety of options to sort and filter apps
Search applications by name
Display available space information of internal storage, SD card and SD card
Share the link of an app
Links internal data directories of the apps to SD card
Links dex files of the system apps to SD card
Auto clear cache service
Removes ads from Link
a second partition on your SD card.
Smooth events scrolling
Pick calendars to show events from
Enter new events and open your calendar from the widget
Highlight today events
Filter out all
Show day of the week in event date
The ability to change the text color
Make background transparent
Show the week numbers
Change font size
Group events by date
The application is available for everyone and it's free
The quality and speed of loading
The database is updated every day
The division into categories
Wallpapers specially chosen for the Android
Possibility to save the wallpaper
Saves prepayment input entered by user
Edit or Delete existing Prepayment
Widgets to see your events on your home screen without opening the app
Zoomable month view
Configurable startup view
Direct sync with Google Calendar option e.
Predefined and custom icons can be assigned when syncing directly
Improved date picker that displays a whole month to choose a date
Improved time picker with three different ways to enter a time
Customizable hardware buttons
Sync with Google Tasks
Many configuration options to change the way the app looks and works.
The birthdays and anniversaries of your contacts can be displayed
Events can be sent as SMS or email.
Functions to export
Completable events and floating events
Templates to quickly create often used events.
Support for Google's event colors
Desert Eagle .
Taurus Raging Bull
Browning Takedown .
Steyr Tactical Machine Pistol
FN Scar Heavy
AI Arctic Warfare
Dragnov Sniper Rifle
PGM Hecate II
BT Delta Elite Paintball Gun
Two detailed worlds with
Colorful graphics that will leave you hungry for more
Engaging music and sound effects
Creativity is your only limit, build a complete Smurfs' village from scratch
Purchase Smurfberries via in
Play mini games like Greedy Smurf
Retina display graphics
Quick Play mode and World Tour mode
Based on the realistic
Accurate and visual control mode to truly simulate real game play
Unlock and play various Boss Battles and Mini Games on your way to victory
Play as one of over
Two control styles available.
Continue your progress with checkpoint auto saving.
Cheat Mode to unlock all missions.
Give life to your best photo moments
Choose the perfect music
Set the right timing
Write a colorful title in a stylish font
Preview your creation instantly as you perfect changes.
Exclusive Baseball Wear
This game supports English
Your play data will automatically be saved in server when you login to Com
GUEST PLAY allows you to play a game without a Com
You can play after guest
Guest play does not require membership, and Com
For further inquiries, please refer to 'help' within the game.
Exclusive Baseball Wear
Supports English, Chinese, French, Japanese and Korean.
Uses real data, photos, and stats of
Provides latest player data and constant roster updates
Standard player and Monster Season players
More varieties in player
Exchange cards and points with friends through the in
Real graphics, smooth motions and an outstanding game engine
Quick gameplay through autoplay
Carry out over
Rookie players can learn the game in a cinch with the easy
Watch your animals grow as they get bigger with your love.
Make your critters happy to breed the best animals.
Give Love and breed them to get that special animal.
Go on a mission to find legendary animals by hiring a Ranger.
Visit your friends farm to help out and share the love.
Grow Alfalfas, Beans, and Potatoes for extra income.
Darling designs and decorative structures mean your farm is unique and gorgeous.
Explore more than
Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in this economic simulator
Buy, sell, and battle over
Customize and design your space craft with more than
Fully customize your captain
Buy your dream car, install performance upgrades and show your skills in
Challenge millions of players online
Jaymar Cabebe, CNET.
Michael Brook, Life of Android
Your cars and money are saved on your device.
Launch and shift when the dashboard indicator turns blue or green
If there is too much wheelspin, you are not going anywhere
Nitrous is more effective on underpowered cars with lots of grip.
Test drive before you buy a car
The more your car costs, the tougher opposition you'll face both offline and online
Upgrades count towards increasing car cost
Keep your car cost just under your level cap to get an advantage
Adjusting gear ratios
Race against beginner
Defeat bosses and unlock achievements for extra RP
Go online and race against others to earn maximum cash
For the ultimate challenge, race against top players in Pro League
Visit the official forums
Try playing with vibration on
XPERIA PLAY Optimized
Win and get to the top of the global leaderboards
Share your best runs on Facebook and Twitter
Combine upgrades to get the fastest vehicle
Tune and get even faster
Accuterra Topo Map Source for
Boundary maps for
GMU boundaries in some states
Lake Contours in several states.
Content from US TrailMaps including
ATV, Whitewater, and Equestrian Trail Maps
Out of Focus, Anti
No more zooming in and out and doing things manually
We have compiled over
One picture is not enough.
Share with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, Mixi and Weibo
You can playback videos on your PC.
You can use MX Video Player, if you enable software mode.
Hopefully when your device will receive a
ROOT access is required
It is highly recommended that you use an ORIGINAL controller.
The fake controllers that are most likely to work
Be sure to read the instructions in the help menu carefully.
Up to four Sixaxis, DualShock
Support as a native gamepad in Android
Touch emulation allows you to map buttons and analog sticks to the screen.
Deliciously simple interface
Advanced alignment, blending, and colour
Finished panos save directly to your device
Panos can be resumed if interrupted
Selected by Apple as one of their  Best Apps of
Selected by Apple in
Awarded  Best Photography App  in Best App Ever Awards.
Awarded a Top Pick in O'Reilly's  Best iPhone Apps
Selected by iLounge as one of their
Instant search results with no Internet connection as the database is stored locally
Search for cards by any combination of card expansion, rarity, color, type or cost
Built in support for tournament formats including Standard, Modern, Extended, EDH and Classic
See only distinct cards, or find every printing of a card in every set
Full card text search
Build multiple deck listings and sideboards
Email decks to your friends
Sort and filter your deck by mana cost, color and card type
Decked Builder contains multiple price feeds from TCGplayer.
Price your entire deck with a single tap
Easily buy your entire deck online, or just cards missing from your collection
Cards names are automatically be highlighted for instant
Featured RSS feeds from TCGplayer.
Deck integration with mtgo
Decked Builder features high
Full support for Innistrad day
Chat using  DroidCam Webcam  on your computer
Various video formats and resolutions
MJPEG video feed accessible by other apps and programs
Turn on Camera Flash LED light, Zoom
Available on Windows XP
Not available via Bluetooth
Provides current weather condition and five days weather forecast
Sunrise and Sunset time
Atmospheric pressure with different units
Temperature in status bar
Share weather and location information with friends.
Home screen widgets,
Searches for all cities in the world by country and city or zip code
Ability to set your internet source to Wi
Ability to disable internet access from operators while you are in roaming
Ability to set your preferred temperature unit, Celsius or Fahrenheit
Automatic update intervals are
Auto location detection
Weather map with ability to add any city to your city list
Set an Auto
Protect important apps from auto
Clears unnecessary background power consumption apps on screen lock
Smart recognition or manual selection of Game apps
Concentrates system resource to support game operation, smoothes game play and boosts FPS
One touch system speed diagnosis and acceleration by the use of
Manage background processes, kill tasks and disable auto
Freeze unwanted apps to increase memory and speed up your phone
Manage your apps both on your phone
Move apps and files between your phone and SD card
Check out the permissions requested by each installed app
Add specific number
Worldwide weather forecast available in all the calendar views and widget types.
Weather forecast for today and the next
Detailed weather info
Detailed hourly weather forecast for the next
Interactive temperature and precipitation graph.
Easy location management
The supercharged potion unlocks many new characters.
The radiant potion removes all ads from the app.
Akinator requires an Internet connection to use his magic lamp.
Available in several languages
To select your language, don't forget to scroll down the list to find it.
Available in several languages
Sharing of your results on Facebook and Twitter.
Child filter to let your children play safely.
Version also adapted for your tablet.
Akinator, Genie App, requires an Internet connection to use his magic lamp.
To select your language, don't forget to scroll down the list to find it.
Available in Arabic
Depending on the hardware capabilities of your device, some tools may not be shown
Simple, addicting gameplay
Five sections featuring hundreds of fun puzzles
Funny characters, sound effects, and music
Global leaderboards and achievements
You will LOVE watching your friends FAIL
Simple, addicting gameplay
Two sections with dozens of puzzles each
Brand new puzzle types to touch, twist and shake
Beautiful Retina graphics
Catchy music and hilarious sounds
You will LOVE watching your friends FAIL
More sections coming soon
The FULL original version of The Moron Test.
Simple, addicting game play fun for all ages
Play through dozens of question types
Fun characters, sound effects, and music
Checkpoints and continues in each section
Brag on Facebook by sharing your best score
You will LOVE watching your friends fail
Join more than
Very fast paced gameplay
Increasing difficulty from easy to bone breaking
Challenge your friends and all other players worldwide
Get the plus version
Showing when your baby makes a leap in his mental development
What your baby can understand
What your baby can do after this leap
What you can do to help your baby
Catherine Snow, Ph.
read and reply to emails
check emails on different folders
download and upload attachments
move email items between mail folders
select multiple email items to delete or move to your other folders
respond to invitations and meeting requests
view calendar appointment or meeting schedule
create, delete and rename label
multiple accounts supported
mail or calendar widgets
Tap bottom left button to accelerate
Tap bottom right button to jump
Realistic physics to ensure a familiar skateboarding experience
Multiple paths on each level for extra replayability
New devil's world
Support Tablets,HD Resolution
Try to jump over the cliff.
Double jump to jump higher.
Long press fire button to charge energy.
Reward more energy balls with a nice combo kill.
Collect energy balls to exchange weapons from SHOP
Get items to have more weapons.
Fast mode to get more exciting
Fully supports add
Save and resume your progress anywhere with save states
Tweak your gaming experience with a database of thousands of cheat codes
Synchronize your save games with your online Google Drive space
Increase emulation speed with fast
Winner of  Best Children's App
Featured in Steve Jobs
Featured in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, USA Today, MSNBC, Wired
Sing and read with your children.
Listen to the song in English, Spanish, French, German, and Italian.
Record your children
Hear the music played on a violin, cello, piano, and even a kazoo.
Touch, explore, and discover fun surprises in the captivating, interactive illustrations.
DIRECTLY CALL PHONE NUMBERS
TAKE PICTURES AND VIDEOS
XPERIA PLAY Optimized
Customize your character's race and gender
Prepare for battle with a variety of weapons, armor and items to choose from
Shop for food or go fishing and catch it yourself
Camera panning and tilting with sensitivity control
Detailed side quests and challenging bosses to defeat
Balanced economy system.
Right and left
Customizable hot keys.
theme customizations are limited
background service for contact events notification
send event greetings
EASY TO USE
Easy to learn but hard to game master.
Many secret maps to make the game more addictive.
Two game modes and many challenging levels.
Arrows, bombs and more interesting props you should learn from game.
The New York Times
Martha Stewart Living
pressure, rotation, temperature, humidity values
pressure, rotation, temperature, humidity values
Sharing function to share your mix on Facebook, Twitter and Google
Access to your music library to mix all your tracks
Enjoy access to SoundCloud and Mix all the music you love
Mix the whole Deezer music library
Free DJ effects
Wide Sound Spectrum for optimum Beats localization
Possibility to record your mix
AutoMix  mode for automatic transitions between titles of your playlists
Ability to remix mp
A store with additional effects
The possibility to earn vinyls to buy effects
the Neon Skin for electrifying turntables
the Metal Skin for more Modern Rock decks
the GhettoBlaster for a cool
and many others to discover
Beam your current or saved location to another phone
Home screen widget for quick save
Shake to save
Double tap on map to save
Save notes and photos
Manual coordinate entry
View current and car coordinates
Customizable background images
Live wallpaper always points to your car
Customizable radar visualization
Automatically save location on bluetooth disconnect or car undock
Automatically save, sync, and import location with your Evernote account.
Draw and annotate screenshots
Screen shot status bar button
Screenshot widget button
Shake to screen shot
Delayed screenshot timer
Share  menu integration
Custom save directory
Overlay phone information on screenshot
Works on ALL rooted devices, including Honeycomb
Take a screenshot of your phone's screen
Save as a jpg or png file and share anywhere
Annotate and draw on screenshots
Screen shot status bar button
Screenshot widget button
Shake to screen shot
Delayed screenshot timer
Share  menu integration
Custom save directory
Overlay phone information on screenshots
Works on ALL devices
Download unlimited files
Manage your files
Private web browsing
Grant access with a password
Experience a new type of tower defense game where you're the attacking side
Gather resources strategically to buy and upgrade new and more powerful units
Play for hours on end in engaging modes of play
Immerse yourself in the cutting
Now updated with a pack of
Environment puzzles where you shape the dream
Visuals optimized for the most powerful Android Devices
Quality design from award
Battery level indicator on status bar, showing in different colors in
Alerts for various battery statuses
Time information when device is plugged
Option to disable charging animation
Option to show temperature in Fahrenheit
Various indicator icon styles
Make sure that Battery Widget is excluded in any task killer programs
Some devices indicate battery level every
Impressive UI which scan and draw covers games automatically
High sound quality
Audio track emulation
Dynamically loadable Overlay Pads
Analog Stick emulation
Compatible with G
Full Support for IcontrolPAD, BGP
Full native support for Xbox
OpenGL support via external plugin
Experimental LAN multi Players mode using two Android devices
Exclusive automatic cheats search engine.
Heart rate zones in workout summary
Weather info in workout summary
Heart rate zones in workout summary
Weather info in workout summary
Just point and view.
Displays all the planets of the solar system, plus the sun and the moon.
Accurately depicts all the visible stars of the northern and southern hemispheres
Includes Charles Messier's entire catalogue of
Includes the time and location of all the major meteor showers
Includes the position of all the major satellites of Earth including Hubble
Dozens of notification options
Add, edit and remove favorite teams quickly and easily for a customized experience throughout
Deep Twitter integration for a social perspective on news, rumors and gossip
Sync all of your notes across the computers and devices you use
Create and edit text notes, to
Add handwriting and sketches to your notes
Save, sync and share files
Search for text inside images
Organize notes by notebooks and tags
Email notes and save tweets to your Evernote account
Works with Evernote Business
Connect Evernote to other apps and products you use
Share notes with friends and colleagues via Facebook and Twitter
Take meeting and class notes, draft agendas and research notes
Plan a trip
Organize and save recipes
Create a grocery list or task list and check things off as you go
View web pages saved in Evernote on your desktop
Capture ideas and inspiration on the go
Access files and notes you create on your phone from your desktop
Keep track of products and prices for comparison shopping purposes
Keep finances in order
Reduce paper clutter by taking snapshots of restaurant menus, business cards and labels
Use Evernote as part of your GTD system to help you stay organized
Optimized for smartphones and tablets
Original  Settlers of Catan  rule set
Smart computer opponents with individual strategies
Scrollable game board including zoom option
Freely combinable game settings
Cities and Knights LITE
Mobile version of the award
Includes the official expansion  The River II
Clever AI opponents with individual strategies
Local multiplayer mode for up to
Tutorial and manual for beginners
A lot of different icons
Edit existing widgets
Direct Home shortcuts
All tablets supported
Different widgets size
Different indicator type
System Info Widget
Widgets sliders with double arrow, to beautify your home screen
Widgets controller on App Drawer
Active widgets in notification bar
Stack Widgets list
Widgets in notification bar
Possibility to remove widgets size from android menu
Disable static indicator
Widget preview of your widget on configuration activity
Share your widgets with main social networks
Save your widgets and load it whenever you want
Stay Awake toggle
Direct Shortcut app
Contact direct call
For any updates or news you can follow us on
All new graphics
Android Phone and Tablet support
Supports MOGA, NVIDIA and other bluetooth game controllers
Google Play Game Services leaderboards and achievements
WiFi Remote  control
Hours of challenging game
All new graphics
Android Phone and Tablet support
Supports MOGA, NVIDIA and other bluetooth game controllers
Google Play Game Services leaderboards and achievements
WiFi Remote  control
Hours of challenging game
A number of subtle changes increase the peril of defending humanity.
Finally, there are no Ally cards in Elder Sign
A food diary to plan and keep track of what you're eating.
An exercise diary to record all the calories you burn.
A barcode scanner and manual barcode input
A diet calendar to see your calories consumed and burned.
A weight tracker.
A journal to record your progress.
Recipes and meal ideas
HD Display support
Full Game Services integration
One thumb controls
Google Game Service Support
Global High Scores
Animated screen previews
Scrollable shortcut dock
Fun physics based gameplay
Make your run through various landscapes
Collect fruits like bananas and chilis to gain more upgrades
Unlock special powers such as a jetpack, chili speed boost and eagle ride
Cloth your monkey differently
Different kinds of ropes
Adjustable edge strength
Adjustable color sensitivity
Save images quickly by a single touch of a button
Supports auto focus
Supports camera flash
Supports front camera
App can be installed to SD
Saved images are stored to external storage under CartoonCamera folder
Lots of different vehicles with unique upgrades
Upgradeable parts include engine, suspension, tires and
Numerous stages with levels to reach in each
Share your score with a screenshot with your friends
Cool graphics and smooth physics simulation
Designed to look good on low resolution and high resolution devices
Real turbo sound when you upgrade your engine
Adjustable light sensitivity
Save images by a single button press
Control camera flash to maximize visibility
Supports front camera if available
Image orientation is incorrect on some tablets
Approximate location and precise location
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage and take pictures and videos
Hot Blooded Gaming
Additional benefits in pro version
PDF features in Pro version
wake people up
cheer at sports games
interrupt boring people
finally get the attention you deserve
General purpose drawing
Fast access to more than
Listening to music, and watching videos within
Instant sharing option
Video preview in the search
Preview audio files inside account without actual downloading
Resuming interrupted downloads after restart
file navigation, copy
hiding files from media scan
stream music online
view pictures online
Delete, rename, copy files
download files on background
Added the option that allows uploading files from External Card Device
Added a new icon for the upload function
Problems with downloading files to your device are fixed
New design of files and folders icons
Fixed  Camera Upload  bugs
Fixed minor bugs
Crash after login for some users fixed
Unique, elegant graphics with exclusive character.
Many beautiful frames.
Overlay effects like broken glass, bubbles, glasses, moustache and many others.
Works in darkness
Easy image freeze and picture taking.
Sharing your photos with friends.
Possibility to choose front or back camera.
More coming soon.
two fingers zoom or fast one finger zoom
import your picture from gallery or take a photo with camera
share with your friends via email, facebook
Supports all Android devices above Android version
Multiple TARGETS and Scenarios
Improve your skills and accomplish EXTREME MISSIONS
Mini sniper puzzles
Layout fully optimized for smartphones and tablets
FREE to play
Find your friends and add them as neighbors to trade and farm together
Plant, harvest, and process over
Farm on a beautiful seaside landscape
Race your neighbors to attain over
This is an ONLINE ONLY game.
Easy to control, fun for every age players.
Great shooting experience.
Simple but special picture style.
More interesting functions are coming soon.
Clear and simple pictures
Various cool tricks.
More levels are coming soon.
Puzzle Mode,use the limited bubbles to clear all the bubbles on the screen.
Arcade Mode,clear all the descending bubbles.
Having sky castle,starry night, and other beautiful scenes.
The jeweled bomb can eliminate the jewels around.
The flame jewel can eliminate to any other colored jewel.
The timing jewel can extend the playing time.
The lightning jewel can eliminate jewels in one row.
The jeweled bomb can eliminate the jewels around.
The Timing Jewel can extend the playing time.
The lightning Jewel can eliminate jewels in one row.
For the chained jewel, you can eliminate the jewels inside to unlock it.
For the ice jewel, you can eliminate the jewels around to release it.
The jeweled bomb can eliminate the jewels around.
The Timing Jewel can extend the playing time.
The lightning Jewel can eliminate jewels in one row.
For the chained jewel,you can eliminate the jewels around to unlock it.
For the frozen jewel,you can eliminate the jewels around to release it.
Clear and simple pictures
Various cool tricks.
More levels are coming soon.
Set or change your line
Buy and sell players
Check your match results with detailed match statistics
Extremely simple and easy
Expand your soccer stadium
Play in the same league as your friends
Set your captain and set
Check the transfer list with the best soccer players from all over the world
Go on a training camp and schedule a secret training
Hire coaches and doctors to train and treat your soccer players
Hire a Spy to find out what your opponent is up to.
The best physics of any coin game
With three holidays to play, there are over
Tons of special effects
Seasons will grow
Multiple machines to play on with different prizes, powers and looks
A special puzzle to complete for each machine
Simple to play but with tons of missions to challenge your skills
Earn more bonuses for playing every day
Huge variety of bonuses and effects
Lingua de Tamandu
Meet new enemies with improved AI
Master a larger range of weapons
Much more diversified gameplay
The more, the merrier, now with up to
Build a career and rise through the multiplayer leaderboard
Explore new locations, offering amazing graphics
Enjoyed the first N.
A wide range of enemies with improved AI, for even more intense combats
Play against your friends or the entire world through Gameloft LIVE
Worldwide leaderboards in the game
Jump into multiplayer with bonus XP, allowing you access to advanced weaponry
Unlock a special achievement on Gameloft LIVE
Epic fights full of impressive enemies and stunning special powers.
Become the legendary and brutal Sir Lancelot.
Enjoy intense, spectacular and gory combat with both melee and ranged battles.
Explore fascinating environments and solve puzzles to reach hidden locations.
Have fun with up to
Connect with your Gameloft LIVE
Customize your game with varied rules including
Enjoy a unique multiplayer mode
Take on increasingly difficult challenges in Tournament Mode.
More levels are coming.
Multiple backflips and locations
Achievements, Challanges and Leaderboards
Normal and ninja outfits
Go fishing in the most tranquil and exotic fishing locations in the world
Compete against one another in friendly competition
Catch rare and mysterious monsters by questing and battling
Each monster has its own special attributes and abilities
Combine two monsters to create a leaner, meaner, better one
Engage in epic World Boss battles and climb to the top of the rankings
Raid mysterious Dungeons and return with large rewards and powerful monsters
Battle players from around the world in Global PvP
Avenge fallen allies and collect large bounties
Play with players from around the world
Form vast alliances and join close
Super smooth flipping and transition effects provided by
Launch apps using gestures
No sponsored messages or Ads
Long press on your home screen in GO Launcher EX.
Accurately estimates battery remaining time
Widget that improves battery performance with personalized UI design
Indicates how much battery power will be extended if you shut down WiFi, Bluetooth,etc
Battery consumption optimization in just one click
Smart battery save
Charging Maintenance to help keep the charging process safe and healthy
Wifi, Ringer, Brightness, Bluetooth, MobileNetwork, GPS, Auto
Toggle position modification
Long press on your home screen in GO Launcher EX.
Auto Kill tasks
Clear the cache
Clear the history
Press the menu button
Choose the widget you want to add and choose your favorite size
Then press the
One click to kill running tasks and free memory
Delete private records of your online and off
Clean cache to speed up your phone
Clear Apk rubbish to release more space for your phone
One click to clear all system trash and residual files
Shortcut to kill tasks
Disable apps running in the background
Traffic monitoring to keep track of your usage of
Permanently disable startup apps when system starts up
Accurate and local forecasts for
Detailed weather report, including time, date, feeling like, high
Multiple cities feature is perfect for a trip plan
Widget themes and live wallpaper for
Share your current weather info with your friends by taking a picture
Interactive dynamic maps, radar and satellite images for specific cities
Probability of precipitation forecast
World clock integrated to display current time and weather info for selected cities
Interactive radar image, satellite for North America, Europe and Australia
Exclusively designed widget themes for Premium Version
No sponsored messages or Ads
Wallpaper of the topic
New folder interface experience
Special app drawer skin
Wallpaper of the topic
New folder interface experience
Special app drawer skin
Support icons on dock bar, home screen and app drawer.
Be compatible with GO Launcher HD
New highly detailed
Plant wheat, canola or corn and sell it in a dynamic market
Make money by selling grass or chaff at the Biogas Plant
Wonderful Christmas themes
Great Tournaments including World Table Tennis Championships and a Friendly Table Tennis Tournament
Earn coins to unlock the new Table Tennis Tournaments
Share your levels online and enjoy the puzzles created by thousands of players
Visit our website, www.
More than just free SMS texting.
Free Messaging and Free phone calls to the other
Turn your tablet into a phone.
WiFi texting and calling
Save tons of money on your mobile plan
Save up to
Your textPlus inbox lives in the cloud, so your Texts
Phone calls and texting on any of your devices
You must open Google Voice at least once after upgrading to route calls.
Toggle the button
For example, type
By turning off the transliteration mode on English keyboard, you can type in English.
Toggle the globe button to switch between English and Hindi keyboard
Consonants are alphabetically ordered into
Transit directions and maps for over
Live traffic, incident reports, and dynamic re
Detailed information on more than
Street View and indoor imagery for restaurants, museums, and more
Join communities to explore interests and find people with similar passions
Automatically back up photos and videos at full resolution
Bring photos to life with animations, panoramas, and other Auto Awesome images
Scan barcodes using Goggles to get product information
Scan QR codes using Goggles to extract information
Recognize famous landmarks
Translate by taking a picture of foreign language text
Add Contacts by scanning business cards or QR codes
Scan text using Optical Character Recognition
Recognize paintings, books, DVDs, CDs, and just about any
Solve Sudoku puzzles
Find similar products
View all your calendars at the same time, including non
Quickly email all event guests from a notification with a customizable message.
Day and week views may not work on some HTC devices.
Local unsynced events may be lost after installing Google Calendar.
Notifications won't make sounds unless HTC's Calendar app is disabled.
Add the widget directly to your lockscreen, so you can recognize songs even faster
Single Vowel layout
QWERTY keyboard with gesture typing and intelligent correction
Optimized UI for different screen sizes
Zephyr HxM Bluetooth heart rate monitor
Polar WearLink Bluetooth heart rate monitor
Discover great games
Play with your friends, and see what they're playing
Join multiplayer games
Track your achievements
Compare scores with other players
A basic description of what does not work
Acknowledgement that you tried the steps above first
A device log capture from when it starts
Convert video files to MP
Share video clips.
Play video clips
Rename video clips
Delete video clips
Supports both ARM and x
Contains optimizations for ARMv
Transcode video clips.
Add music soundtrack to your videos through transcoding feature.
Transcode video clips.
Add music soundtrack to your videos through transcoding feature.
Frame accurate frame grabber.
Convert video files to MP
Share video clips.
Play video clips
Rename video clips
Delete video clips
Supports both ARM and x
Contains optimizations for ARMv
Mobile Excellence Award Finalist
Free to download app, free to play
New movies and TV episodes added monthly
Cast movies, shows and original Series to your TV with Chromecast
Build and manage your Watchlist for viewing on the app or online at Crackle.
App works in US, Canada, Australia, Brazil and Latin America
Option to automatically fast reboot when you unlock your device
Comes with a widget and a direct shortcut to instantly start a reboot
Easy to see the ball
Very precise physics
Minigames to play on the matrix display
Each table has a unique play style
Will run on devices from
All the elements you expect from a pinball game
Now with Multiplayer
We recommend a resolution of
View times for any saved trip with a single tap
Download timetable updates from within the app
Scrolling Sydney Trains  platform indicator  display
Platform numbers for train trips
All trains on the plasma display are currently shown as  Limited Stops
Build unique icon style by changing its size, angle, style and label
Combine all good parts from different themes into a single theme you really love
Efficient and powerful batch apps management with gestures
Enhanced shining border effects for home screen transition
Efficient and powerful batch apps management with gestures
Build unique icon style by changing its size, angle, style and label
Combine all good parts from different themes into a single theme you really love
Enhanced shining border effects for home screen transition
All calls are subject to Google Voice
The ability to purchase optional content using real money.
Promotional material for Halfbrick products and trusted business partners.
Links to external social networking sites intended for users over the age of
The ability to purchase optional content using real money.
Promotional material for Halfbrick products and trusted business partners.
Links to external social networking sites intended for users over the age of
The ability to purchase optional content using real money.
Promotional material for Halfbrick products and trusted business partners.
Links to external social networking sites intended for users over the age of
The ability to purchase optional content using real money.
Promotional material for Halfbrick products and trusted business partners.
Links to external social networking sites intended for users over the age of
The ability to purchase optional content using real money.
Promotional material for Halfbrick products and trusted business partners.
Links to external social networking sites intended for users over the age of
Gamasutra Mobile Game of
Game Revolution Best Mobile Game
The ability to purchase optional content using real money.
Promotional material for Halfbrick products and trusted business partners.
Links to external social networking sites intended for users over the age of
Inserting objects such as tables, shapes, images
Font and paragraph formatting
Finding and replacing text
Attaching the active document to an email
easy to operate
it is suitable for everyone, and play it at any time.
five different worlds, e.
various kinds of props
Choose to play with friends or be matched up against random opponents
Random board option to mix up the DL, DW, TL, TW tiles
Push notifications informing you of opponent's latest move
Uses English, German, Spanish, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish, Danish and Finnish dictionaries
Chat with your opponents
Choose to play with friends or be matched up against random opponents
Random board option to mix up the DL, DW, TL, TW tiles
Push notifications informing you of opponent's latest move
Uses English, German, Spanish, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish, Finnish and Danish dictionaries
Chat with your opponents
Email us at android
Follow us on Twitter
Like  us on Facebook at https
Circle us on G
Crazy fishing action with dynamite
Open world for gill hunting rich in variety
Huge arsenal and gigantic ships to choose from
Dozens of fish in the sea, lakes and rivers
Daily quests and many rewards
Crazy story with even crazier characters
Lunatic achievements and wild high score chases
Wild West scenario
Upgrade bandits to
Guns, flaming arrows, dynamite and cannons
Auto balancing for saddle
High Noon highscore function
Bonus chests for gold nuggets and power
Successor to the popular Guns
Powerful items to use for tactical advantages
Earn Glory Coins and spend them on troop and battlefield improvements
Pounding battle tunes
Full tablet support
Included in the
Attach your USB device to the OTG cable.
Attach the OTG cable to the Nexus or other device.
The application should launch automatically.
Photos can be browsed by selecting from the list then swiping back and forth.
Videos can be streamed with the Play icon.
The Advanced tab can be used to manage and transfer files.
Currently, most USB Mass Storage devices are supported.
DOES NOT REQUIRE ROOT
The USB drive
Read Only for NTFS.
This is a media streamer.
The internal music player only plays formats natively supported by Android.
Font for Galaxy is a Fonts package for SAMSUNG Galaxy Devices.
You can download font apk from this app.
Font installer apps are not on Android market
Check if your device is SAMSUNG Galaxy series.
Although your device is from SAMSUNG, some network provider
Run this app, and click a font what you want to use.
Download procedure will be appeared.
After download, install downloaded apk.
After install downloaded apk, go to font setting menu.
If everything ok, you can see a new font name on font list.
Choose a font what you want to use.
Go to 'Home
Select font you want to uninstall
You need a SDCARD with at least
There is a MASSIVE
There is an  in
Could not work properly on uncertified Google Android devices like Nook, etc.
Overlay icon which is visible on top of all screens
Service icon click
Camera hardware button
Long click search hardware button
Button inside the app
Edit taken screenshot
Share taken screenshot
View all taken screenshots and select multiple for sending, create zip, edit and more
Automatically apply  Screenshot Adjustments  to every taken screenshot
Multiple capture methods
Set default save folder, filename and image format
Optional custom shutter sound
That is updated every day offers a new wallpapers
Preview Full Image for one click
Provides Live Wallpaper
You can create your own Live wallpaper
You can decorate your phone by your favorite characters.
KakaoTalk, KakaoStory, MyPeople, TicToc, etc.
Launcher, lock screen, SMS, provided Themes
Provides icon pack
Twitter, Facebook, you can decorate Me
Day Wick Bar
Dodol phone usage
Yeah, happy because ordinary katok profile picture changes a decorating feature sikyeoju
Daily, humor, concern, sharing information gathered by interested ponkkumigi
Popular buzzwords, Comic, providing sound for a huge variety of accents, etc.
In the style of your own ability to record and edit
Build and upgrade your impenetrable fortress
Create the ultimate army from a dozen wild troops
Pit your Heroes against other Players in the Arena
Tap and swipe to cast powerful spells
Each level is progressively challenging and very addictive.
Challenge your skills in
Compete with thousands of players around the world.
Touch and swipe over similar fruits to clear them.
Use special powers like Monkey
Play with strategy to form and swipe longer chains.
Awesome graphics with fluid animations.
Plain Mode option to switch off special items.
All game modes have individual player ranking system based on the highest level
Disable unnecessary apps that drain your battery
Task Killer kills tasks with one click
Kill apps when screen is off
Accurate battery remaining time
Accurate charging remaining time
Schedule power saving modes for work
IMDb Android team
Group chat with friends, family, roommates and others
Share photos and videos
Express yourself with FREE stickers
Optimized for Android tablets
View your contacts' public albums
Invite your friends to see your Picasa Web albums
Share your Picasa Web albums and photos through any compatible app
Search public Picasa Web photos based on keywords
Make sure you have READ THE MANUAL.
All the best HD wallpapers and backgrounds
New cool wallpapers are added every week.
With the  Lucky
All HD wallpapers can be sorted by category
Find jobs in over
Search the Indeed database of over
Find openings in cities near you using your device
View new jobs added since your last search and be the first to apply
Search by job title, company and location to find your dream job
Use your Indeed Resume to easily apply to select jobs
Create, upload or import a resume, joining Indeed
Personalize a message for each job before applying
See how many employers viewed your resume
Save or email your favorite jobs
Create a free Indeed account
Follow favorite companies to get the latest jobs and news
Have the newest jobs delivered to your inbox
See which jobs you
Preview page displays full description of job posting
See how companies rate, as evaluated by employees
Read reviews of companies posted by over
See photos of what it
Review your own employer
Make sure your device
Some apps may interfere with the performance of other apps.
Make sure the check is a standard
Take the photo
Some Samsung devices don
Verify in Settings that Developer Mode options are not active, including
Retrieve lists of followers and following
Detect new followers
Detect mutual friends and fans
View user profile
Support accounts up to
Support Multiple Accounts
Strobe mode with sensitive frequency controller.
Use the cam LED light.
make words in a way that's fun by turning real
Extract texts in images for later editing or sharing
Documents link shared with password protection.
Unlimited document annotations
No default watermarks on PDF file generated
PDF files are created with no watermark
PDF files are created with watermark
Easter Eggs and Cameos
Individual level times stored
Tap the in
The list of searched words can be used as the vocabulary list.
Delete searched words
TTS pronunciation support
Fast typing and funny voice texting input
Switch seamlessly between tapping and gesture
Private Box to better protect your privacy
SMS blocker to smartly block spam messages
Automatic scheduled outgoing message
Advanced Private Box for Gesture Unlock, Entrance Hiden, Notification in Disguise
Free to enjoy all the Getjar paid themes
Unlimited cloud storage space for message backup
Big MMS up to
Support disabling sponsored messages
To have iPhone users see ur Emoji, follow directions above but choose iPhone
Paul Wilks, Androidtapp.
Waqas Ahmed, Addictivetips.
No more than
Maintains excellent performance during
Small size with powerful functions
Never leave process running in background
Exit completely with one click
Less memory usage
Integrate RSS feed reader by country and category
Customizable home screen for quick accessing to your favorite sites
Switch between tabs with simple gesture
Browse the latest news, sports, entertainment and more updates by free subscription
Various plugin add
Import and sync chrome bookmarks
Secure browse web in incognito mode
Daily weather at
Display current weather with live animation effects on lock screen
Add Everything to your lock screen and quick launch apps directly from the lock
Security protection with pin, pattern and gesture
missed phone calls and sms button unlock
cool battery charging status
Original GBA engine
High quality rendering
Search game files in SDCard
Zipped file support
No internet connection
Original GBC engine
High quality rendering
Search game files in SDCard
Zipped file support
No internet connection
Original NES engine
High quality rendering
Search game files in SDCard
Zipped file support
No internet connection
All ages puzzle game play for the entire family
Breed and raise four different types of Dragons
Quest as a fearless Knight, Powerful Warlock or fantasy Dragon
Play the new
Personalize your look with themes
Stream music to your Chromecast
Control sound with
Video browser and player
Play or shuffle by albums, artists, genres, songs, podcasts, folders, composers, videos and playlists
Batch operations for optimizing your library
Display embedded lyrics support
Remove unused media tabs
Programmable sleep timer
Create and edit playlists within the player
Fade in and out when playing and stopping songs
Customize the default action for different categories
Add music up next, like in iTunes
Control your music with
Support for most scrobbling apps
Sync new playlists and playlist changes back to iTunes
Sync podcast bookmarks to and from iTunes
Sync song ratings to and from iTunes
Sync video play counts
Support for even more audio formats
Download album art
Customize sound using a
Limit distortion and clipping with limiter
Assign an equalizer preset to a song, genre, playlist, artist, album, or podcast
Variable playback speed for podcasts
Variable playback speed for music
Marked gapless albums in iTunes will play gapless when used with iSyncr
Support for even more audio formats
Album art downloading
Assign an equalizer preset to a song, genre, playlist, artist, album, or podcast
Variable playback speed for podcasts
Variable playback speed for music
Marked gapless albums in iTunes will play gapless when used with iSyncr
Works with your existing iTunes playlists for fast setup
Sync with a cord over USB or sync wirelessly with a WiFi connection
Also works over MTP, unlike other top solutions
Include album art with your music to enjoy on your phone
Have a device with internal and external memory
Sync with multiple iTunes Libraries
Create smart playlists on your phone using the Live Lists feature
Sync your MP
Sync your video and podcasts for a complete iPod replacement
Sync Android playlists back to your computer
Automate wireless syncing of your music and videos on a schedule
Sync new playlists and playlist changes back to iTunes
Sync podcast bookmarks to and from iTunes
iSyncr Live Lists dynamically update while playing
Sync video play counts
Upgrade and customize your own vehicles
Earn cash rewards to unlock new cars
Race the way you want
Enjoy well over
All robots from the movie
Connect using FaceBook or play as a Guest
Customize and build your own robot fighter
Compete against friends or random opponents in asynchronous turn
Participate in weekly leagues to increase your rankings
Send gifts to your friends
Unlock the FREE
Share your location
Add friends using BlackBerry PIN
See who read your messages
Multitask during free calls
Schedule appointments, lunches, gatherings
Use KakaoTalk on any smartphone and PC
Have even more fun with Kakao mobile games
Take control of
Full achievement system and scoreboards
Tilt your cell phone to steer left or right
Touch the screen to accelerate the speed
Bug fixes, stats tracking fix
Forty Thieves Game Added
Search button can deal if you have no trackball
Menu button for saving, options, etc
Click trackball to deal
Undo using the back butto
Skill taught include sorting, counting, shapes, colors, matching and more
Endless play mode for endless learning
Game selection to choose your favorite game
Friendly voice directs play for each game
Retell a Story
Zoomable sky map showing stars, planets, asteroids, and more
Calendar showing detailed descriptions of celestial events
Push celestial events to your phone's calendar and set a reminder alarm
Rise, set, and transit times for any object
Position of any object in the sky
Twilight times, length of day
Bright Star Catalog
Hidden Treasures Catalog
Lunar and solar eclipses information
Lunar librations, ascending node, maximum declination
Update database online
Moon phases, the apparent view of the sun and planets
Current image of the Sun and sunspot number
Automatically generated visibility report for any object
Simulation of light pollution
Intuitive User Interface
Widget with rise
Maintain your favorite locations in a list
Automatic location determination from the mobile network or GPS
Select a location from a built
Choose any time and date
Detailed ephemeris, visibility information of all objects
Dates of conjunctions between any object with planets or the Moon
Accurate calculations for dates between
Magic Tools contains
Picframes helps you combine multiple photos into amazing looking frames with
Color Splash FX with filters
Apply set of beautiful digital frames to your photos.
Add text labels to your photos with fonts, styles and colors customization.
Base photo operations
Base transform operations
Apply several operations to one photo
Use photos from your gallery or from Camera.
Save the result in
Photo Studio PRO includes all unlocked packs, tools and features.
Magic Tools contains
Picframes helps you combine multiple photos into amazing looking frames with
Color Splash FX with filters
Apply set of beautiful digital frames to your photos.
Add text labels to your photos with fonts, styles and colors customization.
Base photo operations
Base transform operations
Apply several operations to one photo
Use photos from your gallery or from Camera.
Save the result in
Photo Studio PRO includes all unlocked packs, tools and features.
Easy and Intuitive User Interface
Home screen Battery Widgets
Mobile Data toggle automation
WiFi toggle automation
Battery Consumption Optimization
Comprehensive Connectivity Scheduling
Connectivity Control for Specific Apps with Interactive Training mode
CPU scaling when phone is idle
Smart Brightness control
Bluetooth control with Automatic Reconnect
Full Activity Log
automated WiFi control
all schedule intervals
night, peak, weekend schedules
the Extreme profile
configurable Apps with interactive mode
CPU frequency scaling
Smart Brightness control with integrated screen filter and  night tint  mode
Explore the western shore of Isola
Breed unique villagers and raise your own thriving tribe.
Watch your villagers go from toddlers, to adults, to grey
Unique and unpredictable  Island Events  to keep you on your toes.
Dozens of unique collectibles for children to retrieve.
Runs in true real time
Play online with friends all over the world
Gorgeous graphics and fantastic sound effects
Configurable player names
Outstanding AI engine with
Undo, Shuffle, Highlight features
Amazingly realistic physics
Special coins and prizes
Complete clocks widgets
Download as many themes as you like to customize your widgets
Main weather forecast information for your current location and all preferred cities
Weather notifications from around the world, unlock animations or interactive screensavers
Interactive weather wallpaper
This application cannot be stored on the SD card due to the widgets
We do not guarantee operation on Roms and alternative Homepages
DayDream is only available for Android
Wifi, Bluetooth, System tools
Many fantastical worlds to play in
Trippy obstacles to avoid
Mad platforms to jump on
Global leaderboards, fun achievements
Hours and hours of engaging gameplay of Challenge mode and V.
Outstanding graphics and beautifully detailed backgrounds
Touch anywhere on the screen
Drag the dotted line to adjust the angle and power
Release to shoot
LG Optimus series
Analyzing possible capture method.
Intuitive Topmost button to screen shot.
Shake to screen shot.
Status bar to screen shot.
Intuitive Countdown feedback UI before screenshot.
Share menu integration for Email, MMS, .
Choose custom save folder
Fast start shortcut
LG Optimus series
Analyzing possible capture method.
Intuitive Topmost button to screen shot.
Shake to screen shot.
Status bar to screen shot.
Intuitive Countdown feedback UI before screenshot.
Share menu integration for Email, MMS, .
Choose custom save folder
Fast start shortcut
Detailed match information
Live tennis, basketball, ice hockey
Live league tables for football, hockey and basketball
Select your own refresh period
Very fast and responsive even on slow connection
Minimal data transfers
Bandwidth friendly with our data compression
concrete wall sprayer
is there life on mars
over the foil
realtime artistict filters
auto focus mode where available
auto flash mode where available
face camera where available
application can be installed on SD card
HD resolution support
of course more effects
multicore support for Samsung devices, just checkout Pencil Camera
Weather supports geo
An option to manually add your location
Add and track the weather conditions in multiple locations
Weather is one of the most lightweight weather apps on Google Play
Animated weather conditions
Widgets for different locations
Hourly and weekly forecasts
Intuitive, seamless user interface
Support for the lock screen widget in Android
Weather benefits all known screen resolutions
Offers quality support for Android devices
Tap on the temperature to switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit
You can allow and disable the notifications
Choose by yourself what will be the next feature of Weather
Stunning graphics with advanced lighting and post
Character animations recorded using high
Spectacular ragdoll effects
Shoot away their heads, chop off their limbs.
Evolving zombie AI will keep you entertained
Follow the story or enjoy unlimited random missions
Equip yourself with splendid high
Receive free updates with new missions, weapons, gadgets, characters and more
TapJoy Offers Wall is not implemented yet
Battle hordes of on
Stay nimble and plan your attacks
Solve environmental puzzles, avoid dangerous traps, and discover useful items.
The fight is on
Featuring the most advanced combat A.
Solve hacking mini
Immersive storyline with multiple outcomes
The first installment in a major franchise
Unlock the detailed
Survive the onslaught of Dr.
The story directly follows the events of original Shadowgun
New enemy creature
New type of gaming interaction
Lot of new graphics, animations and cutscenes
Stunning graphics with a highly polished interface
Easy, fun touch gestures that mimic real surgery activities
Share videos to Google
Share and organize movies, publicly or privately, by creating your own albums
Collaborate around shared interests by adding your movies to open albums
Automatic video stabilization, filters, effects, transitions, and overall production
Facial recognition detects the important people in your videos
Add soundtracks from your device or from Magisto
Access your movies from any device that supports the program
Replaces slideshow makers with awesome video compilation
Add Instagram photos, mp
Uses FFmpeg under permission of LGPL
Wide variety of styles such as Holiday, Indie, Country and more
Puzzle mode with
Arcade mode to play freely
Bubble Blast Saint Patrick's Day
Bubble Blast Valentine
Bubble Blast Halloween
Bubble Blast Holiday
Individual inventories or collection of items
truly the best phone finder GET THIS
Can't tell you how many times I've used this.
Share an image with any other app such as Facebook or Google
Create panoramas by selecting the panorama icon
Fast picture mode instantly captures photos at the preview resolution.
Capture still snapshots during video recording
Use the volume buttons to focus and take a picture or zoom
Auto torch mode for low light video recording
Stable shot mode only takes a photo when the camera is completely still
Internet connection is required to play Avengers Alliance.
Most phones and tables version
Stunning graphics and special FX.
Team up with
Customizable agent and hero stats.
Join forces with friends and send
Player VS Player
Assemble your Super Hero team to achieve the best score
Unleash each Hero
Play in iconic Marvel locations
Compete against friends to gain the top leaderboard position
Upgrade your character to achieve an even higher score
Keep the action going with new Super Heroes and location updates
separate powerful Bass and Treble adjustment
stereo eXpansion, mono mixing, balance
plays songs from folders and from own library
lyrics support, including lyrics search via musiXmatch plugin
embed and standalone .
support for m
OpenGL based cover art animation
downloads missing album art
custom visual themes, lot of skins available on Play
configurable lock screen
headset support, automatic Resume on headset and
fast library scan
high level of customization via settings
Get all the future updates for free
Have a dedicated music player
The grid adjusts automatically to your device
The grids are filled with words that cross and intersect
Improved and intelligent touch sensitivity
Clean look yet colourful
Best times list
Special tablet support
After your first search, results are almost instantaneous across all indexed locations
If you are offline, you can still search for files that have been indexed.
Eliminates redundant network calls in ASTRO, making some file search operations faster.
Better file search, file browsing experience in areas with spotty or slow network coverage.
It will also build your index whenever you do a search.
You can also choose to proactively index any of your other locations like clouds
You can go to Settings, Set Default Search Locations to set your default locations.
SWIPE SCREEN RIGHT to get to Clouds, Network Locations or Saved Searches fast
SWIPE SCREEN LEFT to get to Tools
Varietals sorted alphabetically
Added fields for  Drink By  and  Location
Can now search by Year
Added sort by price and Drink By
Pick Random Wine feature
Added CHF and R
Enabled Move to SD Card
Added Barcode button to Wish List
Share your wine rating on Facebook
Send wine review via Email
Post your review to Twitter
Under Settings, there's now an option to Hide Wines With Quantity
Wish List gets exported
custom image selection from gallery
Support alarm clock information.
Support browser unlock.
option to switch between
Added SUPERUSER permission.
Fixed a bug where voltage items would appear in reverse with some custom kernels.
Added an open source licenses menu item in About.
Defend yourself with
Deceptively simple gameplay, with more depth than meets the eye.
Hop into vehicles to splatter zombie bits all over the pavement
Digital audio features supported ONLY on
RDS data display in App, Lock
An infinite combo attack is available with Hero air combo
Enemies can be handled by using robots and helicopters on the streets
Create unlimited ringtones, custom lengths.
Make  text tones  of
Supports popular audio
Suggested ringtone entry points from our website
Ringtones may also be used for alarm clocks
Installs ringtones automatically
Desktop widgets with digital clock
Animated daily weather forecast
Realistic Video effects of cloudiness, rain and snow
Multiple scene landacapes
Global world weather
Auto update forecast
Data in Metric
Weather for GPS location
Improve video effects
Local weather providers
Desktop widgets with digital clock
Animated daily weather forecast
Realistic Video effects of cloudiness, rain and snow
Multiple scene landacapes
Global world weather
Auto update forecast
Data in Metric
Weather for GPS location
Improve video effects
Local weather providers
Game state saved when interrupted
Auto complete to finish game
Tap to move or drag and drop
Install to SD card supported
Klondike Solitaire Draw
Klondike Solitaire Draw
Install to SD card
Right or left handed play
Game state saved when interrupted
Auto complete to finish game
Tap to move or drag and drop
Install to SD card supported
Use, edit or create your text art
Widgets for easy sending
Send it via sms, email, Facebook, twitter, .
Copy it to a blog, forum,.
Use the symbol keyboard to add ascii symbols to all your texts
Use crazy text styles
most feature rich alarm clock on the market
on newer devices, use can use Google Voice  set alarm at
speech input and output
choose own colors, font size, backgrounds
night display with customizable font color and size
tries to you wake you up during light sleep
uses own media player for super
silent alarm with slowly increasing vibration
large button mode for users with glasses
flip to snooze, shake to dismiss
puzzle or math tests if you are awake
Tasker and SleepBot support
perfect for power naps, travel, sleep timer
silent alarm for work
app can detect when you sleep so you can fine
use your own mp
creates playlists on the fly for your favorite artist or genre
Live FX photos
Pinch to zoom
Configurable volume keys
Wide screen pictures
Picture quality setting
Configurable storage source
Full brightness option
More cool features soon .
Ultra fast photos
Configurable thumbnail size
Hide unwanted folders
High quality photo editing
New filters and borders
Simply touch the zombies to kill them
Don't touch the kids from neighborhood
Use the special power
Take Picture permission
In Pro version,
ZombieBooth makes any
Create a huge collection of
Choose from several zombie variations to pinpoint your undead doppelg
Zombies will blink, scowl, and breath
Hear them growl and frenzy
Capture portraits to zombify on any camera equipped Android
Share zombie images via Email
addictive puzzles for your smartphones
great graphics and unique rooms design
continuously updates with new rooms
all the puzzles is free
open the door to escape from the room
find and use items
Stop telemarketers and debt collectors before they waste your time
Automatically intercept calls and texts from private
Report spam calls, SMS, and MMS to warn other users
Reverse lookup mobile and landline numbers
Dramatic, gothic atmosphere featuring a variety of challenges and enemies
Complete recipes directions, ingredients and reviews.
Search recipes by ingredients and food title.
Forums on food related topics.
Bookmark recipes for quick access.
Full functional forums with emphasis in recipes, food and health.
Full sharing of recipes to
Sharing and send links to AllTheCooks.
Create your own recipes
Save and share your shopping list to help you later when doing grocery shopping.
Cool avocado icon
Have a more healthy food menu for free.
Talk with a community of people with the same food tastes.
Discover new recipes and cook great food.
Save and share their precious cooking secrets to the cloud.
Impress friends and family with great meals.
Find food that fits their diet, including
Talk to other people about their diet and health tricks.
Find nice recipe solution for diabetes.
a superb device
a calibre content server
view a book's metadata
sort and group books by their metadata.
see book lists by cover or by list.
mark books read and sync this information with calibre.
launch your book reader application to read a book
Users with Jellybean
Driven by technology that scores top honors for HTML
Winner of About.
Flash video support
DVD, DVB, SSA
DVD, DVB, SSA
Browse, preview, and customize FREE ringtones from Myxer's huge catalog
Cut the precise section of the track you want to set as your ringtone
Select from the most popular song sections as chosen by other Myxer users
Browse millions of free and premium MP
Meet great people near you by joining the conversation in Live Feed
See who's right nearby and start chatting fast in Locals
Ask and answer anything with Ask Me
Unique user interface
Album art downloader
File browser with filters
Lockscreen with direct unlock
The software requires additional data
NAVIGON is an on
The Europe version requires approx.
WQXGA and WQHD
On first startup a short data connection
Arcade gameplay from the makers of the hit Facebook game
Astoundingly lifelike Parkour
Quick to learn, challenging to master
Arcade gameplay from the makers of the hit Facebook game
Astoundingly lifelike Parkour
Quick to learn, challenging to master
Mysterious and magical storyline
Exciting hidden object tasks from the masters at the Academy
Spell lessons and recipes of ancient charmed potions
Characters of sorcery will show you the secrets of magic
Charmed fortress locations bring you to the world of wizards and warlocks
Keyword auto completion
Initial character search
Bar and QR code recognition
Wine label scanning
Japanese word capture and automatic search
New Bloon enemies
Freeplay mode after mastering a track
Ability to start recording in the middle of conversation via manual recording setting
Google drive integration
Auto delete short recordings
Track new Instagram followers
Track Instagram unfollowers
Track Instagram users that don't follow you back
Track Instagram followers you don
Follow and unfollow Instagram users
You must use your Instagram USERNAME to login here NOT your email address.
You must have an Instagram account to use this app.
The number of users you follow or followed by must not exceed
You can follow or unfollow up to
Take new photo or select photo in phone
Compare the effect with previous photo
Adjust brightness, tonal, smoothing and detal
Save new image
Share images with your friends via facebook, twitter, email etc
Advanced log management
Per app notification
Pin protection for Superuser prompt
NFC tag allow
App list and preferences backup
Featured Root apps list
A widget of some kind
Rate, comment and share each picture with your friends.
Upload your own images and share them with everyone.
Hide those images that you have already seen to prioritize new content.
Try to unlock all the achievements
Play as you are reading memes
Move to SD support
Browse by category or search by name, common synonym or ABOK
Supports landscape and portrait modes as well as fullscreen
Rotate knots in
Interact with the knot on screen via mult
Installable to SD Card
Completely Ad Free
Designed for both phone and tablet devices
Beautifully designed touch screen interface
Original ambient soundtrack by
Many procedurally generated levels which are different every time
Play as one of
Sinking Swamps, Cobalt Caverns, Ultra Heaven, Jumble Jungle and Pirate
New environmental effects that bring stunning and colorful
Group video chat
FREE voice calls
High resolution video for
Echo cancellation for crystal clear audio during video chats
Video and photo messaging.
Colorful, creative filters for in
Search for friends on ooVoo, Facebook, Twitter, Gmail and your personal contact list.
Review your conversation history and messages and resume them with one touch.
A BETTER CONNECTION
YOUR FAVOURITE THINGS
A completely redesigned interface that
More responsive elements, from smart scroll bars to automatic page sizing
Enhanced stability and compatibility
Go to your favourite websites.
Do web searches.
See your history.
Find out what
Multitask and switch between open pages with tabs.
Save pages to read later, or for times you
Get music, movies and more when it
frequent map updates
no cellular network required
no hidden roaming costs
Talk to Ginger
Play with Ginger
Eat with Ginger
Celebrate with Ginger
Play the mini
Win free snacks
Hundreds of images
Challenge your friends
Nurture your very own Tom
Visit your friends
Unleash your creativity
Get rewards as you progress
Interact with Tom
Promotion of Outfit
Links that direct customers to our websites and other Outfit
Personalization of content to entice users to play the app again
The possibility to connect with friends via social networks
The option to make in
Alternative options to access all functionalities of the app without making any in
Poke Ben's newspaper to make him fold it.
Then you can talk to Ben and he will repeat.
Poke or slap Ben's face, belly, feet or hands.
Tickle Ben's belly.
Poke or swipe Ben's graduation picture.
Press the phone button and have a conversation with Ben.
Record a funny video of your telephone conversation with Ben.
Press buttons to make Ben eat, drink or belch.
Press the chemistry button to switch Ben to the laboratory.
Mix any two test tubes together and see the hilarious chemical reaction.
Poke Ben's newspaper to make him fold it.
Then you can talk to Ben and he will repeat.
Poke or slap Ben's face, belly, feet or hands.
Tickle Ben's belly.
Poke or swipe Ben's graduation picture.
Press the phone button and have a conversation with Ben.
Record a funny video of your telephone conversation with Ben.
Press buttons to make Ben eat, drink or belch.
Press the chemistry button to switch Ben to the laboratory.
Mix any two test tubes together and see the hilarious chemical reaction.
Talk to Larry
Play with Larry
Explore the fun actions
Become a musician
Record videos and share
Have fun with Ginger
Talk to Ginger
Get Ginger ready for bed
Play games with Ginger
Collect jigsaw puzzle images
Brush teeth with Ginger
Record videos and share
Talk to Tom and Ben
Watch them interact with one another
Send videos to your friends
Talk to Tom and Ben
Watch them interact with one another
Send videos to your friends
Talk to Tom
Play with Tom
Cool new location
Fun new actions
Talk to Tom
Play with Tom
Cool new location
Fun new actions
Charming animations of Tom and Angela expressing their love.
Get emails right away with push notifications
View and sync folders and sub
Group your email conversations with Conversation Threading
Sync multiple Outlook.
Filter your emails
Switch accounts or access your folders and sub
Hours of game play, great replay value, and content updates
One of the best games on the iPhone
Changing weapons or units that you use can make hard stages easier.
Paladog and Darkdog shares some items
Survival 'Friends' mode, which you can have fun with your Facebook friends added.
Simply put, my family's lives have become better because of Path.
Path is known for its design
Your personal life
Search Your Life
Feel the love
Reels O Dublin
I Love Lucy TM
Reels O Dublin
Import photos from Gallery, Camera or Facebook
Crop image before image editing
Resize photo before photo editing
Apply photo effects to a part of the image
Apply an effect to whole image
Move and zoom image with your fingers
Save as many projects as you want
Configure brush size and hardness
Customize several photo effects
Optimized for tablets
Share your masterpiece via Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, E
Save on SDcard
A DrawCam mode which allows you to combine real
Multiple Game Modes to choose from
Feint Leaderboards and Achievements
Press and hold anywhere to launch a new ball
Touch right or left side to control flips
Visually stunning graphics
Unique soundtrack with atmospheric music, sound effects
The most advanced ball physics
Rest of World
Live moving planes on a Google Map
Current flight status
Plane information including reg number, model, registration date and construction details
Photo galleries and beautifully detailed aircraft illustrations
Flight path contrails
Powerful search by flight number, callsign and aircraft registration number
FREE plane icon sets
Bookmark favourite locations e.
Share your sightings with family and friends via Facebook and Twitter
Technical information including squawk codes, ICAO
BimboBooth, the app that turns you into a bimbo
BoothStache, the mustache growing machine
UglyBooth, the app that makes you feel pretty
MixBooth, the face mixing machine
FatBooth, the app that makes you fat
BaldBooth, the app that makes you bald
BimboBooth, the app that turns you into a bimbo
BoothStache, the mustache growing machine
UglyBooth, the app that makes you feel pretty
MixBooth, the face mixing machine
AgingBooth, the app that makes you old
BaldBooth, the app that makes you bald
Visually stunning glow graphics
Amazing game sound effects
Spin up to
Unlock great new Slot Machine with amazing Themes
Play the best Bonus Games around
Grab FREE COINS through wheel spin
Wild symbol replaces any other symbol except scatter and bonus.
All symbols pay left to right except scatter and bonus.
Scatter and bonus wins are paid in addition to payline wins.
The highest win is paid on each payline.
The number of winning lines is multiplied by your bet amount.
Plex automatically converts your media on
Easily share your media with friends and family.
Browse, fling and control your media on any Plex
Sync media to your phone or tablet for offline viewing
Access a wide range of online channels such as TED, Revision
Send and receive messages on the go for free.
Message people nearby, online, and using the POF apps in Locals.
Upload images and edit your profile.
Flirt with local users with our fun Meet Me feature.
Discover who viewed your profile.
Review your Matches.
Simple and effective controls
Unlock new tracks by earning your rates
Global leaderboards, show you're better than the rest
Astonishing physics brings chaos to another level
Stunning, console quality
Fast paced, intense gameplay
Accessible and intuitive controls
Fast paced, intense gameplay
Stunning, console quality
Fast paced, intense gameplay
Accessible and intuitive controls
Bluetooth and Wifi support
Presentation preview on phone
Notes and animation support
Laser pointer and annotation
Go to slides
Toggle black screen
HW buttons supported to change slide
Notes size adjustable
Video and audio supported
Optimized for tablets
Portrait and landscape mode
Easy connection  network scan
Different connection mode
Supports Mac OS X
Supports all powerpoint Office versions
Supports all apple iWork keynote versions
Support Bluetooth or WiFi
Support for all Bluetooth Windows solutions
Download from http
Create and edit Word, Excel and PowerPoint files
Access files in Google Drive and on your device
Open and view PDF files
Share files through previously shared Google Drive folders
Attach files to emails
SSL and HTTPS encryption for privacy
two way audio for some cameras
pan tilt and zoom
relay to control things like lights and garage doors
custom controls like patrol
home screen and lock screen widgets
matrix view, gallery view, and auto sequence mode
double tap for digital zoom using pinch to zoom
grouping of cameras to organize and for quick recall.
app password to protect access from others
motion detection inside app works with all cameras
scan camera capability
auto sequencing of cameras and groups
background audio mode
mass actions in matrix view
Ad Free Gameplay
One tap widget
Customize item height ATK is often used to kill app and clean memory.
One tap widget
Customize item height
Career Mode, become the next SuperStar
Upgrade skills through mini training
Automatically saves Career matches
Controls are simple and intuitive, tap to move, swipe to hit
Hit lobs, slice, topspin, Flat, drop volleys, with EASE
Use Swipe gestures to control spins, straight for Flat
Focus on the match, not on controls
The game runs at a smooth
There is a known stutter on the
Draw over other apps
Prevent phone from sleeping
Migrate information directly between
Backup and Restore to
Cloud backup to our online secure servers
Restore to existing or new phone
View the backup in detail without having to restore
All Android devices supported
Available in over
Easiest backup to use on Android
And much more.
Home Screen Shortcuts and Wallpaper
And much more.
Freeze bloatware, system apps
UnFreeze frozen applications
Wipe Cache of applications
Wipe Data of applications
Break the Android Market Link to Apps
Link Apps to the Android Market
Force Close applications
Unlimited music streaming and downloading of over
Download music to play even when offline
New music releases every week with personalized new music alerts for your favorite artists
Exclusive editorially curated content
Blazing fast playback
High quality audio streaming
Match the music playing around you with Track Match
YouTube artist videos
Integrated app support for Ford Sync
Music Intelligence provided by The Echo Nest
Open Hangouts and Disable SMS from Settings.
Exit the Hangouts app
Open Hangouts and Enable SMS from Settings.
Backup SMS Messages in XML format.
Choose a scheduled time to automatically backup.
Option to select which conversations to backup.
Delete all SMS Messages on the Phone.
Email a backup file.
Tested on Android v
Variety of lures with different actions
Many species of freshwater fish to catch
Use the accelerometer to cast, jig, aim your lure, and fight fish.
Exciting fish fights while keeping the line tension in check, even see them jump
Practice or Tournament modes in
Trophy room to keep track of your biggest fish ever caught.
Fishing guide gives you audible advice and encouragement
To unlock more lakes you need to win cash in the tournaments.
Variety of lures with different actions
Many species of freshwater fish to catch
Use the accelerometer to cast, jig, aim your lure, and fight fish.
Exciting fish fights while keeping the line tension in check, even see them jump
Practice or Tournament modes in
Trophy room to keep track of your biggest fish ever caught.
Fishing guide gives you audible advice and encouragement
To unlock more lakes you need to win cash in the tournaments.
To people saying it won't cast more than
Variety of lures with different actions
Many species of saltwater fish to catch
Use the accelerometer to cast, jig, aim your lure, and fight fish.
Exciting fish fights while keeping the line tension in check, even see them jump
Practice, Tournament modes
Trophy room to keep track of your biggest fish ever caught.
Fishing guide gives you audible advice and encouragement
Road to ROME
Both portrait and landscape mode is available for the timer
Create your own workouts choosing from all
Exercise animations while working out
The timer will take you through the whole workout
BIG timer, making it easier to spot time left.
Sound alerting you of when it's time for break.
Ability to pause or cancel the workout at any time.
Information telling you which excercise you're currently on, and which one is next.
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Tournaments with new levels every week
Challenge your friends for bronze, silver, and gold trophies
Brag, send gifts, and invite your friends to play
Four classic power
Syncs automatically with your game on Angry Birds Friends on the web
Facebook login no longer required to play
Angry Birds Friends on mobile requires an internet connection
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Seven fantastic episodes with
Special Hidden fruits
Put your Angry Birds skills to the ultimate test in spectacular boss fights
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
The option to make in
Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.
The option to make in
Keep track of all the puzzles you've cleared
Quick and easy Tutorial
Simple control,flick the pumpkin, attack monster
story mode, up to
Endless mode, guarantees you many long hours of fun
Simple but fun one touch arcade game
Endless mode, enjoy the fun more
Automatically records all your steps
Step frequency counter and calculation
See the last
Share your fitness activities on social networks like Google
Integrate Runtastic Pedometer PRO activities to your MyFitnessPal account
Compatible with the Runtastic fitness site, runtastic.
Users can also save body data
Tap the screen for jump
Catch the coins for bonus score
Mind the gap and the obstacles on the road.
Collect more coins to achieve high score
Simple tap to control the game, comfortable feel
Lovely panda with funny emotion
Enjoy surround sound system with multi devices
Share the picture
Simply pairing multiple Samsung Galaxy smartphones and tablets
Purchase and Play
No USB cable required.
No driver installation required.
Same WiFi network or Internet.
Pure web app, works on Windows, Mac, Chromebook and Linux.
One less cable.
One less screen.
One less worry.
High quality decoding with mp
Built in graphic and customize EQ
High accurate lyrics and album acts downloads
Plenty of skins to chose from
Minilyrics style floating lyrics.
New message is displayed in the pop
Display a badge on the application icon for a new message
Display new message on the notification bar
Remastered for mobile devices based on the hugely popular Dreamcast Classic
Rock out to original music by The Offspring and Bad Religion
Extra large hills for extra long hang time
Parked transporters with conveniently angled ramps
Occasional deep sea exploration opportunities
Play in touch or tilt control modes
Continue the madness with
Listen to tracks from your own music playlist
Play on your Nvidia Shield
Race as optional ships available for upgrade
Run the Table
Simple one touch controls
Easy and fun to play, but a challenge to fully master
Tap anywhere on the screen to fly higher
build all kinds of buildings on the Island
improve your buildings, repair them and gain profit
expand your property by buying new pieces of land and areas of sea
create your Island with unique buildings and plants
compete with your friends
set up your tourism business
build the city of your dream and turn your life into a happy story
beautiful and detailed graphics
extremely addictive and interesting gameplay
life on your island goes on even when the game is closed
there is a big choice of facilities and constructions, decorations and plants
tycoon and simcity features
more advanced, than a regular farm game
Internet connection is recommended, but not necessary
Automatically finds your friends using Tango
Always on so you don
High quality video
Works across most smartphones, tablets,
Great quality voice
Personalize your profile with status updates
Edit, share, comment
Post status, videos and music clips to the newsfeed
Easily find friends nearby
Make new friends anywhere in the world
Connect with friends of friends in
Challenge friends, send gifts,
Personalize your calls
Play a mini
Best Communication App
Best Texting App
Must Have Apps List
Awesome chain reactions for big points and big explosions
Simple swipe and tilt controls
The cubes are alive
Beautiful stylized, anti
A true physics game, where every explosion has an equal and opposite explosion
Unique solvable levels each time you play
No internet connection required.
Amazing photo realistic tile graphics
Relaxing game play with no time limits.
Undo, Rewind and Shuffle feature.
Online Score Tracking and World Tables.
That  one more try  feeling
Keep score for foursome
My Club Mode allows you to create your own club from scratch.
Use the new player progression tracking system to monitor the progress of your players
Improved media interaction, with questions from reporters about your club
Login to your HappyCow member account
Submit reviews of your favorite veg restaurants and stores
Upload photos of delicious entrees, yummy desserts, and beautiful decor
Save favorites on device for offline use
Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life.
Smooth and realistic car handling
Rich types of NPC traffic including trucks, buses and SUVs.
Basic customisation through paint and wheels
Online Leaderboards and Achievements
Tilt or Touch to steer
Touch gas button to accelarate
Touch brake button to slow down
The faster you drive the more scores you get
When driving over
Driving in opposite direction in two
Sophie Prell, The Penny Arcade Report
Mike Fahey, Kotaku
Rich Stanton, Eurogamer.
Selected by Gizmodo as one of the best apps ever.
Highly rated by Lifehacker
and raved by many many others.
Realistic helicopter simulator with action packed gameplay
Highly detailed heli models from various manufacturers
Eight training missions to get ready for real air combat frenzy
Numerous copter boosts to make you the king of the sky
Hundreds of handcrafted stations that adapt to your tastes
Free on your smartphone, web browser, car or tablet
Subscribe for ad
Original programming you won
The perfect music for any moment with hundreds of activity
Hopper with Sling receiver
Home security cameras
Stunning graphics with a highly polished interface
Sharp and animated visuals bring this jewels tale to life
Easy and fun to start but a challenge to get
Swap the jewels to match
Hot new music is added to the app regularly, so check back often.
Earn new songs by playing and by watching videos
Check back daily for free music every day
Broadcast your performances on the in
Share your pieces through Google Plus, Facebook, Twitter, email or SMS.
Lifehacker finds DoggCatcher to be  The Best Podcast Manager for Android
Android Central's Editors' Choice podcatcher of the year
Android Central's Readers' Choice runner up podcatcher of the year
Easy to subscribe new podcasts
Auto download and cleanup of media files
Offline playback of audio and video
Customizable audio playlists
Supports devices of all sizes
Build in variable speed playback
Home screen widget for easy access to playback controls
Automatically updates feeds on your schedule
Automatically download new media
Automatically deletes media
Searching podcast and news directories
Importing from OPML
Plays downloaded audio
Streams audio over network
Remembers play position of media file
Plays video formats supported by Android
Audio playlist for continuous playback of new media
Very active user community in forums
Support via forums and email
Media download queue can be viewed and managed
Supports authenticated feeds
Organize notes by color
Sticky note Widget
Checklist notes for To do list
Checklist notes to get things done
Organize your schedule by note in calendar
Password Lock note
Secured backup notes to sd storage
Supports online back up and sync.
Reminder notes on status bar
Notepad supports ColorDict Add
Wiki note link
Share notes via SMS, email, twitter
Use color to categorize notes
It does not send any of your notes to server without your signing up.
Prevent phone from sleeping, control vibrator, automatically start at boot
Maximize screen brightness
Change color of flash light
Useful light effects
Emergency light effects
Fun flashlight effects
Maximize screen brightness
Use camera LED as a torch
Change color of flashlight
Useful light effects
Emergency light effects
Fun flashlight effects
Internet, Access Network State
Discover the best Android apps and top new releases, based on ratings by Softonic
Get recommendations on the best apps for a particular need
Uses phone's wallpaper and not a random one
Realistic fingerprint scanner with keypad option
Can be set as a screen lock
Sounds alarm if denied access multiple times
Two unlock modes
Great graphics and animation
Shows analog and digital clock, date and time
Multiple settings like vibrate, sound, default screen lock, alarm, etc.
Quick loading and scrolling optimized for smartphone and tablet.
Personalize by adding and rearranging favorite content your way.
by signing in to one of the supported applications
by navigating to your Android device's
Join the community
Choose your favorite genres to launch your SoundCloud stream full of music
Get personalized content suggestions to help you discover new music
Directly call phone numbers
Receive text messages
Read sensitive log data
Take pictures and videos
Find accounts on the device
How Do You Measure Up
It Gets Better
Add filters, frames, text and more
Adjust brigthess and colours
Create animated GIFS and collages
pictures of kids or pets
taking a burst of pictures in an important situation, and pick the best later
analyse your golf swing frame
get as much light as possible
keep the camera steady
hold the shoot button for continuous bursts, and pick the good shots later
Includes the two additional areas from the Nintendo DS version of the game.
Graphics optimzed especially for Android.
Supports eight languages
New and improved
Smooth, intuitive touch
Quicker browsing through the monster bestiary and other game records
New visual designs for the Job Mastery Cards
Voice acting for event scenes
Deeply emotional portrayals
A brand new mapping feature
The icon for Sabin's Blitz ability now displays correctly.
A misspelling of the term  Esper  has been corrected.
Save your game data regularly.
Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.
Gorgeous sound that takes full advantage of the Android
A deep story with unique twists for every pair and multiple endings
Highly polished game and battle systems with a traditional feel
Hours upon hours of gameplay, complete with hidden bosses, secret weapons, and more
Deploy units on the area map to protect crystal reserves from encroaching monster hordes.
Simple touch panel
Innovative level design allows for high replayability.
New wallpapers added daily
Everything is free, all the pictures
Save and download ULTRA FULL HD pictures
Automatic image changer
Search for backgrounds
List or Grid picture viewing
Compatible with Go Launcher, Apex, Nova and many other
Pattern quotes sport universe new year valentine halloween
Find lock screens and home screen images with animals buildings cats and dogs
Also find paintings quotes patterns
Free to Play
Build an Empire
Upgrade buildings and defenses
Raise customizable armies
Hire upgradeable Heroes to lead troops into battle
Invade rival Empires to expand your territory
Forge alliances with other players
Become the most renowned leader the world has ever seen
Massively Multiplayer ONLINE Mafia Game
Fight other players LIVE
FREE updates with new missions, weapons, real estate, and more
Arm your mob with the most powerful weapons, armor, and vehicles
Control the city by acquiring real estate and extracting a fat income from them
Bring friends into your mob to make it stronger
Perform numerous dangerous crimes
Go to wars with other mafia
Enjoy gorgeous graphics
Enjoy realistic crime sounds
Loot rare items
Get real time updates
Add players to the hit list
Comment on other mobsters' profiles
Broadcast messages to your mob
This is an online game only.
Massively Multiplayer ONLINE War Game for Android, iPhone and iPod Touch
FREE updates with new missions, units, buildings, and more
Battle other players LIVE
Show off your army with the best infantry, ground, water, and air units
Support your expanding army by building up your military base
Ally with other players to make you stronger
Enjoy gorgeous graphics
Perform numerous dangerous missions
Get real time updates
Comment on other players
Broadcast messages to your alliance
Simple and easy
This is an online game only.
Single player mode
Smooth and responsive customizable touch controls
All popular Game Types
Customizable server settings
Dozens of unique maps
Build and upload your own maps with Unity
And most of all, dedicated and passionate development team to listen your feedback
Motorola Droid Bionic
Samsung Galaxy S
Samsung Galaxy S
Samsung Galaxy Tab
Pint sized invaders seeking revenge
A tower that launches bee hives
Tons of levels in a
Gorgeous, hand painted,
Custom loadouts let you pick the perfect weapons for each battle
Time Trial, Sudden Death, and Puzzle maps bring all new challenges to tower defense
Trenches, bridges, and tunnels add new dimensions to gameplay
Collect all the Elite enemies to become the ultimate tower defense champion
A tower that turns enemies into barnyard animals
Compete with friends for top spot with our weekly ranking
Play daily to earn bonuses.
Unlock special items to help you out
Super Bright Flashlight
give directions, allowing you to keep your eyes on the road while you're driving
read a notification containing the caller
read aloud your favorite e
help you learn English by reading aloud the correct pronunciation
give directions, allowing you to keep your eyes on the road while you're driving
read a notification containing the caller
read aloud your favorite e
help you learn English by reading aloud the correct pronunciation
give directions, allowing you to keep your eyes on the road while you're driving
read a notification containing the caller
read aloud your favorite e
help you learn English by reading aloud the correct pronunciation
give directions, allowing you to keep your eyes on the road while you're driving
read a notification containing the caller
read aloud your favorite e
help you learn Russian by reading aloud the correct pronunciation
Swap up to
Easy to use
Powerful controls for pixel perfect results
Share your creations
Swap faces between two separate images
Add images straight from image search
Three game modes
High quality graphics
Undo function and High score record
Saves game on exit
Improved graphics and animations.
A JAY Z Production
Rapid Fire Pistol
MUST BE A CURRENT HOTSCHEDULES USER
Customize and choose a top
Showcase your bakery and earn extra
Invite your Facebook friends to be your neighbors.
Exchange secret recipes with your friends.
Simple and easy
FREE updates with new pastries, decorations, themes and more EVERY WEEK
This is an online game only.
Design and decorate your farm with trees, fences, and buildings.
Visit real neighbors to watch their crops grow.
Simple and easy
This is an online game only.
Simple and easy
FREE updates with new clothing, accessories, and boutique decorations every week
Customize and choose a top
Showcase your cafe and earn extra
Invite your Facebook friends to be your neighbors.
Exchange secret recipes with your friends.
Simple and easy
Hundred of dish selections from Creme Brulee to Fish and Chips.
FREE updates with new dishes, decorations, themes and more EVERY WEEK
This is an online game only.
Touch left side or side side of screen to control ball
Automated away status on incoming phone calls
Creating and managing channels
Administration of user features
On the go support your clients, colleagues, and friends
Gain access to your office desktop with all of the documents and installed applications
Remotely administrate unattended computers
Effortlessly access computers behind firewalls and proxy servers
Intuitive touch and control gestures
Full keyboard functionality
Transfer files in both directions
Multi monitor support
Sound and video transmission in real
Highest security standards
Plus so much more
great to play on tablets
pinch zooming grid
clue list view
cheats and answer checking
share a clue
Fresh pack of
License locking bug fixed
The Best selling Bible app for Android
It's a talking Bible
Fast and easy to use.
Move back and forth from reading your Bible and the built
Free, streamed Bible translations available when there is an internet connection.
Copy and paste multiple verses easily and quickly.
Quick navigation either by using predictive entry in verse bar or verse picker.
Night mode for low light reading.
Highlighting allows readers to easily emphasize verses or passages.
Add margin notes to jot down your thoughts right next to the relevant verses.
Bookmark your favorite passages for quick future reference or make your own personal studies.
Powerful folder system allows users to organize notes and bookmarks.
View your reading History.
Font sizes can be easily changed.
Users can expand Bible Library
More affordable translations, study notes and reference tools are being added regularly.
It's a talking Bible
Read the Help section to quickly familiarize yourself with all the softwares capabilities.
Have the Bible read out to you.
Contact the super responsive tech support with your questions.
Fast and easy to use.
Move back and forth from reading your Bible and the built
Free, streamed Bible translations available when there is an internet connection.
Copy and paste multiple verses easily and quickly.
Quick navigation either by using predictive entry in verse bar or verse picker.
Night mode for low light reading.
Highlighting allows readers to easily emphasize verses or passages.
Add margin notes to jot down your thoughts right next to the relevant verses.
Bookmark your favorite passages for quick future reference or make your own personal studies.
Powerful folder system allows users to organize notes and bookmarks.
View your reading History.
Font sizes can be easily changed.
Users can expand Bible Library
More affordable translations, study notes and reference tools are being added regularly.
It's a talking Bible
profiles are stored in
Stability checking background service is turned on about
Galaxy S II
Fun in the communication
Help and Feedback
Drag and Drop placement of Sliders, Android Widgets and App Shortcuts
Sliders look selectable from built
Slider Actions can be customized, for example Slide
Resizable widgets and custom grid size
Notification badges on apps
Customize which widgets
Intuitive Auto Play
Cool Stats like Fewest Winning Moves and Longest Win Streak
Utilizes Galaxy Note multi window
Accurate and simple UI that lets you play the game instead of fight it
Multiple solutions for every level
For faster video streaming check  Alternative Player  using menu button
Detects page frame and corrects perspective
Enhances the scan with color or black
Emails the scans as JPG or PDF
Creates PDF documents with multiple scans
Export documents to any app supporting JPG or PDF files
Documents are processed on the phone, not sent to a third
To quickly scan a form you just printed when you don
At the university, to take a picture of a whiteboard
On the road, to archive receipts
To make a copy when you have no copier available
To archive handwritten notes or share them with colleagues
Save the perfect recipe after cooking
Save handwritten memos, or book pages for future reference
Share a good restaurant menu on Twitter
Automatic backup on new app installations
Multiple version backup, you can always downgrade any app
Backup apps to SD card
Restore apps from SD card
Batch restore from SD card or from Market
Batch delete backups
Search in apps and backups
Sort your apps by install
Display apps with Ads
Display apps can be moved to SD card
Access to extended options like APP
Scan SD card for install
Share install files directly
Send backed up apps
Multiple bowling balls in each scene
Detail stats tracking
Push tasks to Google
Integration with Pure Calendar Widget
Full widget customization
and much more
Play for FREE forever
Free WEEKLY UPDATES
Hatch your very own DINOSAUR PETS
Fuse dinosaurs together to discover RARE SPECIES
Get unique shops, decorations that animate in your village
Buy and sell your resources on the active TRADE MARKET
Tip, trade and share gifts with a community with MILLIONS of players
How to Play
Fun hair makeover tools
More realistic hair color spray effects
Cool photo backdrops
Smooth and beautiful animations
Better and more realistic hair styling
Support for Android tablets and new Android devices
It works in any orientation and appears consistently for ANY and ALL applications.
Supported system indicators include Signal Strength, Data network type, WiFi signal strength
Supports many custom lock screens
For country abbreviations see http
Earn stars to unlock new levels
Touch to accelerate, tilt to lean the bike
SwiftKey takes the hard work out of touchscreen typing, replacing your phone or tablet
It provides the world
It connects seamlessly across all of your devices, with SwiftKey Cloud.
SwiftKey predicts your next word before you
It intelligently learns as you type, adapting to you and your way of writing.
Enable up to three languages at once.
Naturally combine languages without having to change a setting.
SwiftKey supports contextual prediction in
Switch seamlessly between tapping and gesture
SwiftKey Flow combines the mind
Full, Thumb and Compact layouts
All three layouts can be resized and undocked to float
SwiftKey takes the hard work out of touchscreen typing, replacing your phone or tablet
It provides the world
It connects seamlessly across all of your devices, with SwiftKey Cloud.
SwiftKey predicts your next word before you
It intelligently learns as you type, adapting to you and your way of writing.
Enable up to three languages at once.
Naturally combine languages without having to change a setting.
SwiftKey supports contextual prediction in
Switch seamlessly between tapping and gesture
SwiftKey Flow combines the mind
Full, Thumb and Compact layouts
All three layouts can be resized and undocked to float
Challenge your logic, memory and reflex skills with over
Overcome the Mannequin
Unravel the mystery by earning cogs and gaining access to the book
Speed Limit Reporting
HERE Live Traffic
Learn about numbers and money
No text, and a child
Robust parental controls
Lots of fun secrets to discover on every screen
Smoothest, fast game play
Tightest, most responsive accelerometer driving controls.
Multiple play modes.
Jet assisted drift handling.
Half car, half jet with in
Online leaderboards and achievements.
Upload replays with your best times.
Realistic touch based physics.
Flick the board to make it react exactly how you would expect.
Drag your finger on the ground to push.
A camera that lets you see where you are going.
Additional skate parks.
We hope to bring more new skate parks to True Skate in the future.
Unlock all missions.
Unlimited slow motion.
Unlimited board customization.
Full network access
View network and Wi
Receive data from Internet
Directly call phone numbers
Read phone status and identity
Reroute outgoing calls
Modify phone state
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
Disable your screen lock and prevent device from sleeping
Modify your contacts
Read your contacts
Find accounts on the device
Best Games for Android lists
Fred Wilson, principal of Union Square Ventures
Ryan Whitwam, Tested.
Gesture based stunt system
Full achievement system and leaderboards
Track layouts based on the
Select your appearance from a huge selections of bikes and riders
Special characters you can purchase and race with
Multiple camera views including first person with handle bars
Select from multiple preset control schemes
Responsive tilt steering interface
Level up to upgrade your bike and rider
Now supports the AppFinity AppDrive from Spin Master
Master, earn and hire more than
Overcome various challenges
Experience smooth touch
Play through a
Enjoy the rich Might
Challenge one of your friends to continue the adventure in the Face
Generate the chords you need to play in seconds
Different fingerings for each chord
Strum string to play and hear chords
Train Crisis provides
Social features with Google Play Game Services
You must interact with several elements to get past the level
Spectacular colorful graphics effects with explosions of trains and rocks.
Support for Android
full backup of sleep graphs
sleep data in your browser
graph list, heatmaps, statistics online
comparison of sleep habits around the world by country
Automatic upload of new sleep graphs after tracking
Synchronization between multiple devices
Automatic backup to SD card
Sleep cycle tracking with smart wake up
Sleep graph history
Sleep deficit, deep sleep and snoring statistics
Gentle volume nature sound alarms
Music playlists from alarm
Nature sound lullabies with binaural tones for fast fall asleep
Never over sleep again with CAPTCHA wake up verification
Sleep talk recording, snoring detection and anti
Android Tapp, Rating
Gaming Illustrated, Rating
New improved airplane physics.
Change your view to Cockpit view .
Fly an Airbus A
Different airports to land your aircraft and to take off from.
New aviation missions will follow.
New airplanes will be added.
photo montages to get your portrait on a vintage postcard or a birthday cake
face in hole effects to become Iron Man, Darth Vader or Mona Lisa
photo collages to stitch together dozens and hundreds of pictures
photo filters to add a happy or a nostalgic mood to pictures
other photo effects such as headwear, celebrity collages, monsters and more
artistic filters to turn your photos into elegant drawings or paintings
Discover great shows from around the world in our Home screen
Watch with subtitles
Popular Korean, Taiwanese and Japanese dramas
Classic Japanese anime
Classic American cartoons
Facebook Connect, invite your friends and publish videos to your Timeline
Search by country and by genre
Share your favorites with friends via Facebook, Twitter, SMS and email
Stream videos anywhere and anytime with a WiFi or
Touch a ball and fling it towards the basket to shoot the ball
Five unique skins
Great game sound effects
Redemption ticket payout feature
Side to side basket movement for challenging play
Play with other players in the online mode
Three game levels
Word lists from popular categories
Word lists with foreign words
Support for tablet
Basic, standard English words
SAT vocabulary, GRE vocabulary
Accurate GPS distance measure, area measure, calculation
Metric, Imperial units
Distance between cities
Angle between lines
Navigation through points by touch
Geo coordinate formats
GPS accuracy settings
Landscape Mode for large screen phones or tablets
Export data to Google Earth and Maps
Save screenshot on SD
Zoom and Edit points
Location search with GPS and Network
Address, ZIP area code search
Select points in Edit Mode
Delete selected, all points
Simplify Lines and Convex Area
Add points by touch
Stylus Draw Mode
GPS TRACKING feature
Add current GPS
add points with Latitude and Longitude coordinates
Last point is auto centered
Set GPS, search time, color theme
Quick open in Google Earth
initial and back bearing
Easily switch your phone to flight mode or turn your Bluetooth or Wi
The application will only work if you are a Vodafone customer
Enjoy the best Discover experience by installing the widget.
Vodafone Discover supports Android versions
This application is not optimised for use on tablets.
Vodafone Discover is a hub for other services and applications.
Discover may link you to websites or videos.
Content and applications within Vodafone Discover are subject to regional availability
alarm clock while muted
auto snooze alarm clock
auto dismiss alarm clock
NAP ALARM CLOCK
MATH ALARM CLOCK
MUSIC ALARM CLOCK
PLAYLIST ALARM CLOCK
APP ALARM CLOCK
ALARM CLOCK VOLUME FADE
FLASHLIGHT for alarm clock
one time skip for repeating alarms
shake to snooze or dismiss alarm clock
change snooze time after alarm clock snoozed
set alarm and nap alarm defaults
alarm clock speaks time and weather
most settings are independent for each individual alarm
alarm clock volume independent of system
backup alarms and alarm clock configuration to sdcard
Extremely simple to navigate
run Alarm Clock Plus or any app upon plug
transparent clock widgets, multiple clock sizes, and nap alarm widgets
AND MUCH MORE
Play with one friend, or one hundred at the same time.
Draw a new card simply by tilting your phone.
And lots more
Syntax highlighting for HTML, PHP, CSS and JavaScript files
Dark and light color schemes available
HTML Editor supports Japan, Cyrillic, Chinese, Western and Central Europe text encodings
Code snippets for JS, PHP and HTML
Animated rain radar
Add cameras as you go
GPX Data Logging
Background operation with any navigation app
Works in any country
Auto update feature with PocketGPSWorld database
Speed and Mini Radar overlay in background mode
Makes use of directional camera information from
Widget available as separate download from market.
GPS Data Team
NEVER STOP PLAYING
PLAY AT YOUR PACE
CHALLENGE YOUR FRIENDS
Support local MP
Simple, Standard and Expert difficulty levels
Visually striking user interface
Quick Game mode and Championship mode
Build and upgrade your team and equip special power
Classic nine balls game
Accelerometer control of the ball in flight
Lots of fantastic prizes for you to redeem
Flick the ball to kick it out
Swipe to adjust the direction of the ball while it is in the air
Gesture a curve on the screen to curve the ball
Three intense game modes
Easy to use on
Tilt your cell phone to steer left or right
Touch the screen to accelerate the speed
A tense endless racer to dodge the traffic
Earn gold coins to unlock
Visually stunning and built for speed
Email notification, auto check for new email on a timed interval
Blink LED indicator for new email and appointment
Screen layout reformatted to improve usability on smart phone screen
Wide screen mode for tablet
Prefill username, password, auto login
New mail, reply, reply all, forward, move, delete, junk
Download, upload and view attachment
Multi select for action, mark as read
Sort by importance, subject, from, received
Contact lookup, check name, recently used
Month view, day view
Appointment, meeting request, recurring
New, edit, delete, move, sort
Email, contact, address book
Check if your device is SAMSUNG Galaxy series.
Go to 'Home
Custom bubble image
Ability to change number of bubbles floating
Smooth the edge of bubble
Reverse bubble acceleration
Support most resolutions including Android
Chat with Facebook friends
Free international SMS
Chat with Windows Live friends
Stay online on Android
Switch between all of your Yahoo email accounts in one place.
Never miss a message in your inbox with instant alerts.
Send files, attach photos or take new ones while composing a message.
Read messages in full
Swipe left or right in Message View to navigate between messages.
Create new or add to existing contacts by tapping on each email address.
Get all the details
See animated sunrise, sunset, wind, and pressure modules.
Browse interactive maps
Track all your favorite cities and destinations
Scroll down for detailed weather information.
Tap the plus sign to add up to
Submit your photos to Yahoo Weather by joining
Control your car or bike to climb hills with most realistic control
Various cars and bikes to choose from
Upgrade ENGINE, TIRE, SUSPENSION, ROTATION, GAS POWER,
different scenes in countryside, forest, volcano, desert, mountain and cave
Innovative physics gameplay
Om Nom animation shorts
Constant free updates with new levels and animations
Innovative physics gameplay
Om Nom animation shorts
Constant free updates with new levels and animations
Free to Play
High Chip Payouts Daily
Gift FREE poker chips, up to
Faster Poker with NO wait times
Play casual Texas Hold
Play with your friends
Buy a round of drinks for everyone at the table
Full support for Spanish, Turkish, Italian, French, German, Simplified
Realistic bike physics and working bike shocks
Agile and fast reacting bike using accelerometer
Crazy addictive game
Eye popping high definition graphics
Change the appearance of your bike and rider
Touch left side to accelerate and touch right side to brake
Tilt your cell phone to balance the biker
Astonishing physics brings chaos to another level
Race up to
Visually stunning and built for speed like no other racing game
enable all options
create shortcuts in the Home screen
the startup dialog will be suppressed
call monitor displays calls immediately
show and edit phone book
restart and reset FRITZ
play voicemail messages
open and send fax messages
switch Smart Home devices
support multiple FRITZ
callthrough, dial helper and skype integration
Android operating system
Internet access for online updates
custom icons for the icon on the homescreen
support for ADW icon packs for the icon on the homescreen
vertical and horizontal launcher versions
direct calls for the contact version direct from the app
is required to display the contact list
is required to display the bookmark list
reading and writing of the backup files
optional vibration if the launcher will open
You must disable your alarm sound within the stock calendar app
Exclude CER from all task killer apps
Touchdown and Lotus Traveler not supported
Write to SD Card
UI is optimized for both smartphones and tablet computers
Send text messages, photos, and voice notes
Group chats in Skype, MSN, AIM, ICQ
Multiple accounts per service
Create personal and geo status messages
Customize your IMing experience with different sound notifications and emoticons
Master password option
Stick notes to status bar
Full automatic backup to sd
Full moon and stars at night over the beach wallpaper.
Beautiful flower petals flowing in the soft wind.
Freely choose the color of your beach messages
Select 'mood' color to give the whole scene your own touch.
Touch the sky to put flowers of summer season in the sky
fascinating storm of flower petals when shaking the phone for true Hawaii feeling.
Scenic sunrise and sunset.
Settings for mood of tranquil dawn and dusk and burning orange sky
innovative alarm clock
Plenty of configuration options for personalization.
Elaborate background logic.
Stunning Caribbean beach featuring undiscovered hidden shores of tropical paradise.
Beautiful nature, palms, hibiscus flowers, turquoise ocean water, a explorers boat, all in HD
Write something in the white sand, your own personal message
Send a postcard from vacation via Mail, Facebook, Twitter,.
Scroll across home screens on all phones
Easy installation and configuration.
Available for all resolutions.
Remove green touch of AMOLED displays.
Turn off animation for near ZERO power consumption.
LWP shuts down completely when not visible to save maximum speed and battery.
Freely configurable image quality settings
Not a movie.
AndroidPIT testet the budget book
free category management
categories in sales type
Data storage choice internally or on external memory
Graphical sales analysis
Swype in Overviews
Statistics of the budget consumption
Backup and Restore on DropBox
Administration of any number of accounts
you synchronize your Household Paper on multiple devices
Language can be configured sepearted to the device
widget to check your budget on one view
add pictures to your bookings
start at boot
Personal music recommendations.
Unlimited radio channels playing your favourite artists and genres.
Your library, built up over time with all your discoveries.
Choose what you want to play next.
Skip radio tracks as many times as you want.
No ads, no interruptions.
Add by barcode search, title search, manual entry or camera scan.
High quality barcode scanner with multi
Add to different groups
Set purchase details
Personalize with location, tags, notes, rating and more.
Browse with shelf, list or CoverFlow views.
Detail view with synopsis, full cast list, audio tracks, subtitles and much more.
Configure listed actors
Links to IMDB.
High quality front and back covers.
Multiple sort options.
Integration with Facebook.
Parental control functions.
Shake to random select.
Loan titles to contacts and keep track.
Online title collection to share with family and friends
Tabbar badge with title and
Person section with photos, biographies and starring in lists.
Releases section with upcoming DVD and Blu
Use same collection on multiple devices with automatic online sync.
Automatic profile update for latest and most accurate data.
Remote control for Windows Media Center and Dune players.
Report missing titles to our staff.
Report incorrect data to our staff.
User defined sync filters
Sync to and from you selected provider, file sync, cloud sync
User specified sync interval or specific sync times
Choose connection types for each sync item
Support for syncing of subfolders
Sync of hidden files can be disabled
Shopping list management with shopping basket synchronisation
Notifications about your business
News from Amway Online
Manual focus adjustments
Grid and aspect ratio overlay
Mirror Lockup support
Extensive modification of settings
Superuser access prompt
Superuser access logging
Superuser access notifications
Deep process detection
Works in recovery
Works when Android isn't properly booted
Works with non
Always runs in ghost mode
Wake on prompt
Backup script to survive CyanogenMod nightlies
Icon selectable from
Theme selectable from
Launch from dialer
OTA survival mode
OTA survival mode
Coarse Location allows calculation of reasonable sunrise
Approximate geographical location
Find cheapest gas near you
Find cheapest gas by city
Report gas prices to help other people find cheap gas
Chance of winning
Earn points for reporting gas prices
Earn awards for posting gas prices
Save money every time you fill up at the cheapest stations
This app saves me so much it's ridiculous.
This app is a no brainer
I love this app
Drawer organized by categories
Ready to use without further configurations.
Customizable lock screen.
Full support for API
Live Wallpaper Support.
It supports every screen and device
Possibility to change a single icon in the drawer.
Easy access to apps info.
Designed to be used comfortably also in landscape mode.
Option to hide the statusbar.
Tap, Tilt, Shake and Rotate you cell phone to solve the puzzles
Stunning graphics with a highly polished interface and distinctive soundtrack
UNLIMITED DOWNLOAD SPEED
chose single files for download from torrents containing multiple files
multiple torrent downloading
search for torrents
Wifi only mode, Wifi or WiMAX mode
able to set Upload
web browser integration
magnet link support
UPnP and NAT
IP filtering support
Local Peer Discovery
custom label support
Pinch and Bloat tools
The unique Reconstruct brush
Twirl clockwise and counterclockwise tools
Set brush size and hardness
Fast and responsive
Save pictures to your device or SD card
Share your creations online
The much requested feature
Installing to SD card is supported
Compatible with Honeycomb
More to come soon
Automatic battery saving mode
Battery usage track
Battery saving mode to save battery at all conditions
Battery graph to track battery level
Monitor battery consumption of each running program
Quick Settings and Homescreen widget
Task Killer to save more battery
Widgets in a tile
Almost real like tile animation
Almost real like tile re
Almost real like status bar
Animated contacts tile
Filterable application list
Full tile bitmaps are no more
PICTURE HUB NEEDS A LOT OF MEMORY
By default WP
Smaller tiles  will make
folder of contacts tile
revamp the application icon addition
cropping tool to make custom bitmap selection easier
separate widget screen added, L
mail tile has new  cube  option
some tweaks for ICS added
contacts tile now flips instead of fading
backup and restore updated, now it should work again
backup format changed, old backups no longer work
search button can be removed
search view now displays wallpaper
updating cache displays progress bar
android style drawer now follows transparent icons setting
inconsistent spacing between app drawer icons fixed
mail tile crash fixed
calendar tile text can now be changed
calendar tile will not start with transparent background when created
Configurable colors for the keyboard buttons, background and text
Simple and immediate
Integrated web browser for a faster usage
Possibility to download more files at the same time
Possibiliy to hide the icon and restored it later
Largest Exercise Database with
Extensive Workout Routine Database with thousands of community created workout routines and fitness plans
Easiest way to track your workouts, create routines, stay motivated and build muscle
Fully customizable routines and exercises to create a weekly workout routines
Easily switch among muscle building, bulking, weight loss, general fitness and sports routines
Community and user created weight lifting routines to download for both men and women
Routines specific for your goals
Search to find weight lifting and muscle building exercises for your workout routines
Detailed exercise instructions and animations
Track cardio, weight lifting, fitness and strength training exercises
Quick and simply input weight and reps when performing strength exercises
Save your best lifting record for each exercise
Connect with and add friends to help motivate each other
Compete, challenge, share progress and compare stats with the community
Connect with the community and millions of other members
Log into your My
Sync your workout data with your JEFIT Profile
Save your lifting progress and body stats
Graphic chart for tracking both body and lifting stats
Start your day with a daily Bible verse.
Choose from a wide range of Bible reading plans and read Holy Bible.
Easily search any verse of any topic.
Listen to a wide range of Biblical Christian Devotions.
Save a Bibe devotional podcast and listen to it offline
The birth of Poop
Poop is alive
Communicate with Poop
Keep Poop Indoor
Icon with any image
More convenient with add
freely expand, shrink, move, and rotate original pictures
can expand, shrink, move, and rotate word bubbles and writings anytime
photo albums to save your works
attach the finished masterpieces to an e
free to expand, shrink, and reposition the original photo as well as the designs
function for posting on Twitter
THE DOG AND FRIENDS
KARL AND FRIENDS
You can play the  PUZZLE PRISM  with very simple keypad.
All the game modes support a global high score rankings system
This game feels like a PS
PRISM is everything a puzzler for the mobile device should be.
This is the most addicting puzzle game in the store
Human vs Computer, Human vs Human
Let you know your turn by vibration
Automatic zooming for easy viewing and operations
Transmit game record by e
Beautiful graphics and realistic sound effects
Automatic reading out for each move in Japanese
Get rewarded as much as you play ELEMENTAL KNIGHTS ONLINE
Monk, thief, bishop, wizard, magiknight, and more job
Thousands of items, a trillion combinations, and cosplay gear such as Graham Cracker Wings
Hundreds of NPCs and over
Party creation with up to four people
Free chat, emoticons, and gestures
Play in English or Japanese
Grassy plains, forests, deserts, underground canals, haunted castles, and.
Special events hosted twice a month
Gacha for the gambler inside you
AF in touch with the video
Zoom out the video in a pinch in a pinch
From the top button
Play the latest
Work with the camera silence
New and exciting ways to edit your photos for free
Cute, sleek filters
Make your own original stamps
A full collection of photography aids
Easy photo sharing
Take photos in
Brushes and text to make into stamps
Easily adjust the brightness and smoothness of skin
Adjust the balance of small details with a simple tap
Slim certain parts of the photo easily
Erase blemishes and dark circles under eyes
All you need to do is just tap the screen with your finger
Keep on running and you can upgrade your characters
Fill the star gauge to trigger a fever time
Compete with your LINE friends
The more friends you have, the more fun awaits you
Number of glitter, size, speed, direction setting
Add a glitter type
Glitter colors can be set
Glitter generated by flip or tap
free to set the background color of the gradient
Image files can be set to the background
Parameters can be daily
You can select
Advertisements are shown throughout the game.
You can play  FREE FISHING  for a limited time only.
Run to the HOME button when tapped
Run the screen off
Running in memory usage
Run to the elapsed time for each
Manually run one
I want a fast application processing speed
Interactive action training games
Many characters and dogs to choose from
Shoot outs with the 'authorities' trying to catch you for dogfighting
devices with HVGA, WVGA, DVGA, WSVGA and WXGA screen
Japanese, English, Italian
Sending GPS info via SMS and Email
Full metal detector
Various Coordinate Types
Qibla finder, Car locator
No ads, No connection
korea Various idol and Star photos
New Wallpaper Added Daily
Share by Facebook, Twitter, Email
Be usable in Wi
If you have questions about Mokey Free wallpaper, visit to Mokey Twitter.
Sending GPS info via SMS and Email
Full metal detector
Various Coordinate Types
Qibla finder, Car locator
No ads, No connection
Width and Area can be measured
Sound Meter and Vibrometer are integrated
Statistic menu with saving log data
CSV file exporting
More models are calibrated
Intuitive, more aesthetically pleasing UI added to My Profile in Zapper Technologies
Updated privacy, menu and settings allow you more control over Zapper Technologies.
Sort and group your history to help you quickly access your most
Amazon Store location bug fixed to ensure relevant store will appear wherever you are.
Benefit from discounts and special offers by scanning barcodes on coupons and vouchers.
View websites and movie clips while you're out and about.
Scan a QR Code in a magazine and watch a video immediately.
Scan QR Codes from your camera, browser, SD card, or saved image.
'Inbox' and 'Feedback' options.
Create XQR Codes for massive
USSD codes are never opened automatically, preventing remote wipe attacks of your device.
Add QR Droid Widgets free to help you get the most from QR Droid.
Zap a QR Code to gain access to private WiFi networks.
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
'QR Code' is a registered trademark of Denso Wave Incorporated.
QR Codes ARE NOT recommended for use with confidential
Direct download installable QR Droid
Multimedia Cloud, nScreen You can enjoy your photo, music
automatic video encoding for smartphone
Multi pane layouts optimized for tablets
Auto backup files to the cloud
Faster AAC Encoding
Cleaner Holo Theme
Improved Audio quality
AAC Encoding has been introduced
Mutitle audtio tracks support
MKV subtitle extraction supported
Mutiple subtitle tracks support
Increased subtitle readability with thicker border and shadow around text.
HTTP Live Streaming with multiple bitrate
Updated to reflect The American Heart Association Guidelines on CPR
Added Search functionality
Reorganized content to make it easier to find help in an emergency
Adult, Child, and Infant CPR
Adult, Child, and Infant Choking
Redesigned user interface for ease of use
Bug fixes and other enhancements to improve user experience Pocket First Aid
Explore new places
Download cycling and hiking maps for offline use
Plan your geocaching adventure
Save you favorite routes and places
Save your battery with smart GPS system
Import your own tracks and points
Enjoy new and improved features every month
USGS, GSI, Openstreetmap, MapQuest, Visicom, Kapsi.
most of them are downloadable for offline viewing
full WMS maps support
download online maps for offline use
vector maps for drivers, hikers, cyclists and skiers
create your own maps from OpenStreetMap data or custom themes
for an address, coordinates, points of interests and local photos
for local places with Google Places and Wikipedia
handle unlimited number of Points of interests and tracks
use Geocaching Live
waypoints, PocketQuery, trackables, spoilers supported
Do you have Groundspeak premium membership
record the way you want
custom themes for maps
support for ANT
full support for Online voice navigation
integration of GPS
KML, KMZ, GPX, OpenAir, DXF support
smart GPS usage that saves your battery
satellite screens with current weather situation
GPS status notification
Bluetooth GPS support
set everything the way you want and need
Crack on SHAKE
Crack on TOUCH
Auto Crack Timer
Simple to use
Zoom and Exposure controls
Button to freeze image
Awesome image visibility
It shows a much brighter image.
It has onscreen zoom and exposure controls.
Support multimedia streaming from your PC to Android devices
Optimized for phone and tablet
Streaming over Wi
Everything is transcoded on the fly, no copy or encode is needed
Supported video formats
Supported subtitle formats
Supported audio formats
Supported image formats
Automatic server discovery in local area network
Remote access setup by specifying Qiss PIN code
Remote access setup by specifying server address and port information
Folder access control by user account
Support NAT transversal via UPNP or NAT
Support file name search
Support image export
Support advanced video gesture control
Support Google TV
Support multiple themes
DRM protected files are not supported
Other formats may work but not officially supported
Qloud Server is available for Microsoft Windows Vista
For better video performance, dual core processor is recommended
Please make sure the free version can function properly before upgrading to full version
If you have difficulty with
Classic mode including
Blackheads, whiteheads, full blown pimples, crusty scabs to peel off
More faces and minigames coming
Bottom edge trigger
Gestures for closing apps
Pin running apps
Pin an unlimited amount of apps
Removed Pro Ads
Visual swipe indicator
Switchr Arc customization
Halo support for root users
Switchr Slide sidebar
Search action replacement
Support further development
Dozens mission to complete to become a ninja.
Cool and unique graphics
A cool mini game at the end of each level
NEW and funky Ooga Booga music
Challenging NEW obstacles
Hide Text in Lockscreen
Animations when sliding through homescreens
Hardware Acceleration for Android
In Super Clock Wallpaper Settings, Click on Background Appearance
Uncheck  Use Color Background
Click  Set Custom Background  and choose your desired background
Show angle or inclination
Install on SD
No Internet access required
Immersive HD design
Realistic physical engine
Paddle slice effect
circle battery level indicator indicator perfectly fits pure Android design
resizable on Android
support for both main and external dock battery
Shortcuts to Power
multiple icon styles
customizable texts in notification area
automatic airplane mode during the night
optional charging and discharging chart
power related toggles
customizable notification priority
supports Asus Transformer secondary
Task Killer or Task Manager may affect this app.
App is highly optimized and DOES NOT drain you battery
Known issues are at http
Frequently asked questions are at http
Some devices indicate battery level every
All flavors of the app are Ads free.
Download Battery Widget
Download Battery Widget
Freemium Lite version is coming soon.
Not battery drain.
Shows accurate data
Prediction of battery consumption
Configurable trigger levels
Best battery level indicator for Android.
Great, simple, accurate.
Big numbers and dial give all the info needed at a quick glance.
Simple, cool, awesome.
Not battery drain.
Shows accurate data
Prediction of battery consumption
Best battery level indicator for Android.
Great, simple, accurate.
Big numbers and dial give all the info needed at a quick glance.
Simple, cool, awesome.
All Workouts Unlocked
Unlimited World Challenge
When you receive a call, new text message, the flash will blink.
You can regulate blinking frequency.
You can set up blinking with ON
Add as many zombies to your hoard as you can.
Keep going as long as at least one zombie is still running
Turn over cars, buses, vehicles and tanks to eat the survivors inside.
Optimized for all models of Android smartphones
Featuring Blast Processing
Surprise interactive experiences
Cups which can be unlocked through various achievements
Real business situation of buffet restaurant.
lots of different customers to serve.
lots of upgrades.
Washing, Dry cleaning, Spin
Best possible use of accelerometer
Online best scores
DO NOT USE version
Worth every penny
Awesome by far the best MTG app on the market.
Great app Have no complaints.
Patch an unlimited number of PTPatches and ModPE scripts
Load textures from any Pocket Edition
Patch server IPs
Spawn and remove mobs via the Entities screen
Edit contents of chests and furnaces
warp to the top of chests and furnaces
Write on signs
replace or set blocks in the world
find out how much of a block is in an area
No, SystemPanel is not an automatic task killer.
True orientation lock
Forced automatic rotation
Per application settings
Ability to create shortcuts to specific modes
Optimized for Android
Can act as Tasker
This is a
This app does NOT require root access.
Certain applications might not display properly when forced to work on portrait
Auto and Reverse Portrait and Landscape supported from Android version
Status bar notification direct shortcuts supported from Android version
Adjustable border width
Change the shape of your photos to a circle, heart, hexagon and more
Change the color of the border with an easy to use color picker
Adjust the brightness, contrast and saturation of each photo
Select one of six ratios including square format
Pinch or double tap to zoom and drag to move the photos
Save to your gallery
Share to other applications
Multiple output resolutions Check PicFrame out on Twitter
Added turbo and BOV sounds
Added Dodge Challenger SRT
Added Subaru WRX
Added Speedway X Arena
World class physics
Multiple control options
Multiple camera views
Dynamic props and obstacles
Loads of smoke
Use a different unique name
Make sure the SD card is not mounted to your PC via USB
Make sure you have enough space on your SD card
Reboot your device
Thanks to Kriss Lech for helping with the Polish translation
Thanks to Michael Lepori for helping with the Italian translation
It's compatible with android versions from
It's highly customizable, almost in every aspect you can think of.
Thousands of skins and themes with support for most popular launcher themes
Mix and match your skins, icons, docks, folders, etc
Configure your applications in unlimited groups and hide unwanted apps.
Fast setup screen with fast access to add items or configure everything.
Gestures for fast operation
Configurable Actionbar, similar to android
Screens editor to add,remove, swap and resize your desktop screens.
Configurable visual desktop indicators.
Easy folder tweaking and management, content previews, arrangement, colors, etc.
New AppWidget picker for devices running Android
Icons editor to create your own customized shortcuts or edit existing ones
Customizable applications dock with support for unlimited shortcuts with paginated scroll.
Lots of settings to play with
Lots of new desktop transitions
New icons size configuration to enjoy high quality icons from your preferred themes
Save custom configuration presets
Backup and restore your configuration, easy and painless.
More, more more to come
It's compatible with android versions from
It's highly customizable, almost in every aspect you can think of.
Thousands of skins and themes with support for most popular launcher themes
Mix and match your skins, icons, docks, folders, etc
Configure your applications in unlimited groups and hide unwanted apps.
Fast setup screen with fast access to add items or configure everything.
Gestures for fast operation
Configurable Actionbar, similar to android
Screens editor to add,remove, swap and resize your desktop screens.
Configurable visual desktop indicators.
Easy folder tweaking and management, content previews, arrangement, colors, etc.
New AppWidget picker for devices running Android
Icons editor to create your own customized shortcuts or edit existing ones
Customizable applications dock with support for unlimited shortcuts with paginated scroll.
Lots of settings to play with
Lots of new desktop transitions
New icons size configuration to enjoy high quality icons from your preferred themes
Save custom configuration presets
Backup and restore your configuration, easy and painless.
More, more more to come
many more, see http
Control Multiple devices under one account
Locate your device
Remotely Enable GPS
Display its location on a map with history
Track the device using breadcrumbs
Get notified if the device has left a fenced
Text Messaging support
Setup SeekDroid Remotely via SMS
Lock device w
Retrieve recent calls
Remotely wipe entire phone
Remotely wipe SD Card
Hide from app drawer
Disable App from being
Virtually no battery drain
Works without a SIM Card
Retrieve SIM ID, IMEI,
More features coming soon
Show calendars from Google, TouchDown
Show tasks from Astrid, TickTick, AnyDo, Tasks
Show birthdays from contact book with plugin
Can add bi
Scrollable widgets with Android
Support Android up to
Support Home timezone for travels
Show calendars from Google, TouchDown
Show tasks from Astrid, AnyDo, Tasks Team, MyPhoneExplorer, Ultimate To
Show birthdays from contact book with plugin
Timelines with MONTH and WEEK view
Can add bi
Scrollable widgets with Android
Support Android up to
Bright House Networks
Time Warner Cable
Verizon FiOS TV
Monday Night Football
NBA Regular Season and Playoffs
Major League Baseball
The Masters, U.
College Football and Basketball
All four Grand Slam tennis events
SCAN QR CODES AND BARCODES from
CREATE your own QR CODES encoding
CREATE your own oldy BARCODES
SHARE your QR CODES through
JUMP DIRECTLY to WEB ADDRESSES decoded.
Listening to music
Talking on the phone
Time left to recharge
Time to use LED Flashlight
It is simple and well designed
launch it and get light instantly by pressing one button
uses the integrated FlashLight
also uses your full screen as a light source
add a widget for quick access
